This is the other side of Kirk Franklin Prince. This is the Rekton. 2020 for... Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shayshate. I'm your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprietor of Club Shayshate. The guy that's stopping by for conversation and drink today, ladies and gentlemen, you're going to love him. Some call him the greatest... The greatest, one of the greatest comedians, Dan or live. One of the Americans greatest entertainers, one of the funniest men on the planet, world renowned, multi-talented, a comedy legend. He's touring the top touring comedian selling out arenas. He's a hilarious storyteller. Emil Ward went and act to a voice actor, rapper, writer, producer, director, icon, genius, a national treasure. For Lantarvis, humanitarian, social activists, a father, one of the great funny men of our generation and in-generation, Mr. Cat Williams. Thank you, sir. I was that intro. I was that intro. You are magnificent at intros and you did not skimp all mine. I appreciate it. Appreciate that. Anytime you come to Club Shayshade, we have to toast. Bro, you've been doing it. I mean, you're one of the top two and comedians of all time. You already got started before we started taping. I did. Appreciate it. Tell the people at home. I thought that was mine. And yeah, this particular alcohol is stronger than you think it would be. Probably by about two. And unbelievably smoother and milder by the same, maybe 30% than you could possibly expect. And unlike Kanyex, the world over. This one doesn't taste like wood at the end and it doesn't taste like his gut artificial colors and it doesn't taste like his gut artificial flavors. It's a fine product. He's a car. So you can tell he's a Kanyex connoisseur. He understands the method that goes in the making connoisseur. Right. Well, as a comedian, you get free drinks at the club. So all comedians either turn out to be connoisseurs like myself or straight up and down alcoholics like 60% of Hollywood. With thanks for stopping by the club. I understand that you're very, very busy. And for you to take time out of your busy schedule and stop in today, we really, really appreciate here at Club Shankshake. So thanks for stopping by. And I needed you to know why I came by. Yeah, I need you to tell us why. People know I don't go everywhere. I'm not interested in talking to people unless it's like a Larry King or somebody of an amazing ilk that I would actually want to go talk to in real life. OK. I don't do it. So I can sell product and I got things to sell. So let me come talk. You have a great product here. And as a fan base, we love the attention that you spend on the guests. We love how much work you've done, how well you know them, how prepared you are. The same things that we like about you in football. You brought that on over to here. And that's why it resonates in the reason I had to come is because you've made a safe place for the truth to be told. You know what I mean? Thank you, I'll teach you. And I have watched all of these low brow comedians come here and this respect you in your face and tell you straight up lies. I'm talking about things that I've never been heard in all the black Hollywood. They feel comfortable sitting here lying to you about it. You will sit in the record straight. Are you kidding me? You let Ricky smiley sit here and you said I'm bad enough. You stole Friday after next the one I was in. Which all of America stumbled a bit when that happened. And then he said some stuff that we haven't heard in 100 years in Hollywood. You ain't say nothing. This man told you he had Cat Williams role. He was going to be money Mike and Cat Williams was going to be friend. Was going to be the Santa Claus. Now let's three quick points. You mean in Hollywood, they cast a five foot five black Santa Claus that weighed 145 pounds. That's your story. Your story is the Ricky smiley that couldn't even do curse words because he had a Christian fan base. He was going to play the Pimp. Why you didn't ask him why has he played a woman in more movies than he's played a man? Well, I didn't know he shouldn't be able. You wouldn't let us athlete that been on steroids talk about one of the greats. Ricky smiley cat. Because Ricky smiley cat. He told you the story about when the movie came out. Where did he say he watched it at home? He wasn't even at the premiere. You telling this man, you stole that. Also, he could get his name in the same sentence. What a great one. It is sad. He was just that bitter when we were shooting it. He told everybody, it should have been my role. Everybody on the scene. Why do you think no cast member has ever said anything? He could have played that role like you. I thought he was a fair. No one, why no. He was with Katie. He beat up Terry Cruz. Why nobody know this story. You talking about a Hollywood they switched off role. You take this and he. What? Ricky smiley knows this. I don't know why he would lose a child and come on the air and start lying. That's why people believe in rituals right there. It's because, well, why would he lie? I don't know why lie your life. But I can tell you this. We auditioned in Los Angeles. Yes. I was auditioned number 201. 200 black comedians auditioned for the role of money like with me. You're saying all 201 of us was auditioning and you had already had the role and had already shot the role in four days. The truth of the matter is the money mic in the original script got raped in the bathroom and that's what Ricky smiley was okay with. Cat Williams had to take the risk in front of the studios and the cast and our powers that be in his very first movie as say respectfully humbly guys. If we talk about anything else, I have no credibility and I have no pool. But we talk about comedy, right? Where I have all the credibility and all the pool. The problem with Friday afternoon is we're trying to make a classic comedy and this comedy involves a rape and rape is never funny no matter who it happens to or what the circumstances are. If you would allow me to allow us to do this movie without a black man getting raped in it, I promise you that it will be twice as funny as it would be where him getting raped. So considering that's the real story, why would you bring up that story? 35 members of the cast and crew have never brought up that Ricky smiley was going to play money mic. I don't want ever song be put on a Santa Claus suit. We got a wardrobe department. They made a Santa Claus suit for me. Why that wasn't in the bloopers. And in here's the other thing. Everything that money mic said cat Williams wrote. So what Ricky smiley say on his. You can't say my lines. I wrote them. That's how I already know that I'm going to be funny or do you. What he told everybody was cat Williams. Don't nobody know who he is. I'm on radio. I'm with Steve and said everybody know me. That's what he told everybody that we're listening to on this set. That's the truth, I don't matter. He was so aggrigious not now. Then he was so aggrigious that and Hollywood has never heard this in a hundred years. He was so aggrigious I put in my contract that I won't work with Ricky smiley again unless he's in a dress. Now what was Ricky smiley's next movie? Was it first Sunday? Did he wear a dress in it? You bet he did. It's in my contract. Why would you put that in your Twitter's can? Your contract cat? That's where he's the unbelievable actor. Him and Tyler Perry can't play a man to say it a life. They play good women. And I believe that the best actor should be in the best role. So that's why because when we released that clip and he said that you responded because he said he was supposed to play money in you were supposed to play Santa Claus. Now right line. That he knows is a lie. So why would he say it? Because he's a liar. Nobody knows why liar's lie. And that's why I had to come on the program. Sedric did the same thing. Sedric told you when you asked him did you still cat Williams joke. He said it don't lie in up. How it don't lie in up that I did it on TV in 2018. You came to see me at the comedy store, do it in 2019 and then did it on the Kings of Comedy. Like what doesn't lie up? This is a televised joke. That Mark Curry helped me punch up and get to the level that it was. The same Steve that went to go watch Mark Curry do his whole sitcom and then stole everything Mark Curry had. Now Steve got a sitcom where he'd a principal and he wears a suit and he didn't get this high top fade making all black men think he got the best line up in the business and in some man unit. Then you asked why you not a movie star. I didn't want to be a movie star. This the same meek wrote that hated on Bernie with the same thing. I didn't want to be a movie star. No you couldn't be a movie star. There are 30,000 new scripts in Hollywood every year, not one of them asked for a country bunk in black dude that can't call good or became it and look like Mr. Potato had there ain't none. You would have to have a range. I played a lot of character 60 movie roles. I'm not playing cat Williams in there. I don't know, okay, we might not let you drink anymore with the way you. I mean, we need God. I'm not filled by God. I've had a sip less than you. The truth don't need motivation. I'm just saying I can't let these dudes lie. Sedric sitting here telling you why he ain't a movie star. He all be a little like a walrus. You didn't say nothing. He can't even get his arms off this stomach sitting on a lie. I'm not a movie star. It's a secret. We never wrote anything. Remember when Sedra of the entertainer starts, he's supposed to be singing, dancing and telling jokes. That's why he's called the entertainer. We found out he can't sing, can't dance and does he write your job? He did four comedy specials. They're so bad, Shannon. They're not available on Netflix or to be. Can I say that again for the audience? They're so bad that they're not available on Netflix or to be. You don't face that a good comedian? The world doesn't think that Sir, I have 12 comedy specials. He has four specials that are not available on Netflix or to be. It seems to me that you have a lot to get off your chest. No, no. You want to say the record? Winners are not allowed to allow losers to rewrite history. I don't say any of these things. If my name is not breached by these people on your platform, then if you give them a liar a platform to lie, then I'm not being messy by saying, hold on, that never happened. It's untrue and there are hundreds of witnesses for each thing I'm saying. So let me ask you this. What is your relationship with Steve Harvey, Ricky Smiley, and said you did a tailor as you said here currently? They for 30 years, they're a group. These aren't three random guys. The way that Ricky Smiley kept appearing at all of my auditions is because of Steve and say that he would tell anybody that listen. They got a gang on that side. They know what it is. They know who the gang is. Why Earthquake not in movies? Because he's a literate, he can't read. And they found that out when they gave him a show and put the cards in front of him. Like all of these dudes are coinciding, they share secrets. And this is the age of truth. And the truth doesn't need to be scared of the fact that people tell lies. Catch on drugs. Where are the stories? Why is there no story of anybody who ever sold a drug to me? Did a drug with me? Was around me when I was an e-burated. I got five daughters. I got five sons. Why won't we tell these ridiculous stories? Because it's competition. You feel like, well, why companies? Comedy guys can't just get along. Yes. Why didn't you get along with the other teams you were competing against? Did you a Denver Bronco while you don't get along with the cowboy? Something wrong with you? But I don't disagree. No, no, no. I'm not a boy's cat. That's not what you like. No, that's not what Comedy did you do? Did you play against the team? Yes. I've taken 46 comedians with me on the road. 46. Okay. I'm not the comedian. You can give that to. I only put on comedians that are funnier than me. Everybody that ever told you differently was a fat phase on liar. There's no gotty like me in the business. What is on the business? It's just go to street. Phase on said that getting a Netflix special is easy. I have 12 specials. Guess how many phase on got zero. Why is he allowed to have conversations about real stand-up people? We do not let people who are on the juice discuss real athletes. That's all as a journalist. That's all. That's all I'm saying. I don't have harbour any resentment to any of these entities because I can't be jealous. I've never seen them have anything that I ever wanted. If you sign up for a day program, you get a light skin, weird face wife that never do an interview. Oh, they're trying to. Listen, in 20 years won't do an interview. Nobody's ever talked to her. And she's never been interviewed anywhere. And now understand, I'm not talking about one person. When I just told you applies to seven people, how they all end up with that. That's part of what you get. I came in this business saying I was going to expose. When I talked about Michael Jackson, when I talked about our Kelly, they canceled me for these things because why would you talk about another black dude? He says not where the line is drawn. It's God's side and the other side. And we don't care nothing about the other side. Period. Period. All of these big, the events is all catching hell in 2024. It's up for all of them. It don't matter if you did hear or whoever you is. TGJ, Tini up, every all lies will be exposed. That's all. And anyone who takes that the wrong way, know why they take it the wrong way. The truth is the light. And they have the normal thing. Yeah, man, man. She. Oh, I don't get the one there. Right. And that, I'm really kind of know what it goes, little bit. One more time. Mmm. Right. We good, huh? Because the people want to know why do you get black ball? Yeah. Because because in 30 years, I've done nothing but collect information, knowledge, and your secrets. So if you and a man was in a corner doing something you weren't supposed to be doing. You'll tell it. No, somebody come to tell me. Okay. I gather that. I doubt you that. I'll pay for that. Come tell me. I know so many things I should know and they all know it. They all know it. Why? Because you don't make me the villain. Not the guy that raises black children and they never done a hard drug in his life. And don't have no stories of doing nobody dirty. And they'll just go out and they'll lie. The industry doesn't mess with cat because he didn't show up for the studio. No studios have ever said that. Look at my IMDB. It will show you that no studio has ever lost money with me on the script. How? That's why I'm saying that's why I can't let Ricky Smiley say he was supposed to play money Mike because I wrote the words from money Mike. I designed the hair from money Mike. I collaborated with the wardrobe department and made outfits to make sure that no one in America would be wearing what money Mike was wearing. I told him to go get the prowler. I then told him to pay in it purple. I told him don't have an actor at playing a pimp. We could get an actual pimp archbishop magic non-worn to play. Like I did far too much work for somebody to come years later and try to tag along just for their own self-anggrandizement. Why didn't cube set the record straight? Terry Crews could have set the record straight. Mike else could have set the record straight. Why none of them set the record straight? That's what you were supposed to ask him when he told you those lies that they were not wearing. Right, but he's telling you something no one's ever heard of. Nobody has ever heard. Oh, that's been aflacking. Matt Damon was in a movie and somebody said, y'all should switch roles. And like this is a business. What does a fake cap? Normally when people give you information, I'm thinking I'm hearing it for the first time and they're giving information no one else knows or I've ever heard. So I'm taking them at face value. These are like, this is like Steve Harvey telling people he used to be homeless. That's my story. That's not his story. Steve Harvey wasn't never homeless. When he Mark Curry was touring with him 25 years ago, he was making $3,000 a show in cash and doing five shows a week. They just tell the stories. This is my thanks to my wife. I'm where I am. You said that about the first wife. You forget that you told us it was her. Then you went and married somebody else that think like a man. Like what are you talking about? They just, they think they can rewrite history. The guy told me that a beautiful special about the comedy store in Fat Toos Day where he said that Steve and Sedrick and Kevin Hart and Tiffany had his came through there and made all lies. Steve and Sedrick never performed at the comedy store at all. Tiffany was only seen at the laugh that tree. In 15 years in Hollywood, no one in Hollywood has a memory of going to a sold out Kevin Hart show. There being a line for him ever getting a stand in Ovation at any comedy club. He already had his deals when he got here. Have we heard of a comedian that came to LA and in his first year in LA, he had his own sitcom on Network Television and had his own movie called So Playing That He Was Leading. No, we've never heard of that before that person or since that person. What do you think a plant is? People don't understand the definitions of these words. He just did his documentary with Chris Rock where he shows you that his whole upbringing and comedy was on the East Coast. So how simultaneously was he here in Los Angeles doing the same thing? It didn't happen. It didn't happen. And I hate to seem like a petty individual for picking apart lies. But just he's no legal keep lying until you say we don't believe you. Like it's important in the checks and balances of the universe that lawyers not get to make complete narratives for themselves. Are you not afraid about being black ball to give? These were some power people. What do you mean again? These people are not powerful Satan can't create anything. That includes blessings for his people. That's why you know what the number one job of somebody that sold this whole Hollywood is? It's that like it didn't happen. They all do the same job. Why do you think Gary only can't cross over and he already white and been in comedy for 25 years? If what I say ain't the case. It's a cabal. It's a consortium. But they rock with who they rock with and they don't with who they don't. But I'm not scared of being the competition anymore than you were when you lined up across from a superior team. Yeah, on paper they're a better team. Right. They have all the assets and resources that we don't. But let us get on the line boy boy and see if that factor is in our guarantee you will won't. Wow. Because Shannon Sharp got to be a different person than that other person. Perhaps a loop. And he always was that doesn't change when I change teams. That remains the same. That's how a legacy is built. So we're all in these short cut takers. I was they cancel me for talking about Harvey Weinstein before the thing came out. But he offered to suck my penis in front of all my people at my agency. What am I supposed to do? He did all of that. I'm the only black person on the script. I get there. There's three other black guys on that. Who? Huh? Who you wonder what they did? I told him no, what y'all do? And this is why when I walk in a room heads go down. By high my back, I'm nothing. I'm just a regular old comedian that's better in jellots. But in my face, no, no, no. The king has walked in and they have to respect it. Only because I'm not taking the shortcuts. I've not been funded. They pay you to not talk about things. They don't want you to talk about. They tell you that themselves. I can't do that because Steve told you that he stopped doing stand-up because he had 70 v shows. The only problem is when he stopped standing up, he didn't have those 70 v shows. He stopped standing up because he got in a comedy battle called the championship of stand-up comedy with one cat Williams in Detroit in front of 10,000 people and lost because cat Williams said he was actually bald and that was a wig. And I went in and that's why he couldn't do stand-up anymore. Imagine him coming to tell you another story where he got so big and it was Bernie and them's fault because they wanted to be movie stars. What? You called Ocean 11 to get that niggas part? What do you mean you didn't want to be a movie star? So on behalf of Bernie, I would have to say what I have to say. Have you ever been on tour with any of these guys? Every guy I mentioned to you is not funny out there in real life. So no. Phase on's never done his own tour in 30 years. Steve Harvey don't do stand-up no more. Sedrick doesn't write. I'm sorry. He doesn't write. He's smiley. It's been playing the same old black woman forever. Like you can't get a young fan base with that. You got to be doing karaoke around the country to make that work. And he is. But I'm a stand-up comedian. This is my 19th 100 city tour. I'm not going to have a conversation with these lazy bums that don't take a shortcut at any point. Yes, it's easier for you to juice than to get in the gym. But you don't get to bring that body in here talking crazy. Talk about how good you look. What? No, no. There's too many comics out there that I put in their life on the line to tell these jokes, man. Okay. Let's get to your upbringing. We're going to circle back and we're going to say hi. I want to protect you, bro. Because you had said, but it came to comedy. It was in 2018, 2019. But did you mean, 2019, because it came out in 2000. So I just want to make it. No, no, no. So what I meant to say was, remember, he said, I couldn't do stand-up anymore. I had 70 V shows. I say he didn't have any of those TV shows at the time. I know, you told me to do I said, drink. Jokes still, I'm saying. Yeah, you said it. Okay. Okay. 18, 2019, but it came out in 2000. So I just want to make sure. Okay, no, no, no, no. No. What comes out in 2000? The original Kings of Carmen. Right. I'm going to be a teased comic view and they're using this as the commercial in 1998. That's why I'm saying. Yeah. So I said the day it's wrong. Yeah. So let's go ahead and clear that up. Okay. You said, yeah. I had said you're going here and I asked him about the joke stealing. He said, the timeline doesn't add up. Correct. To that point, you say. Right. I just thought that I was just a known name comedian and that he could take this joke and nobody would know. The issue was that I had already done this particular joke on BTS comic view twice. It had done so well on BTS comic view that they had made it part of the commercial. So part of the commercial of makes you tune in the BTS was you seeing me doing this joke. This joke is one of those jokes in comedy where you set it up and it takes a little longer to set it up, takes about three minutes. But then you're just hitting them with jokes after that because you don't have to set it up. Right. Mark Curry had already helped me work on this joke because I thought it was good because I was getting a stand in a patient on it. He had me go back in the lab to help me craft it to be an even more powerful joke. So this is not just a random joke. This is my very best joke and it's my last joke and it's my closing joke. 1998. I'm doing this joke. It's all comic view. Sedrick comes to the comedy store. He watches me in the audience. He comes backstage. He tells me what a great job I did. How much he loves the joke? Two years later he's doing that as his last joke on the Kings of Comedy and he's doing it and he's just changed my car into a spaceship. Him and Steve had already apologized for me. So I gave him a pass for a decade. Why would you sit here and be like, I talked to, I saw cat 30 times. Cat didn't do as I stand before you. Shannon. I would have bus Sedrick stomach. There was nothing that would have kept me from one of these in that patch right there. Like are you kidding me? Why would you downplay me like that? Why did I give you a pass if you were just going to lie? And so that's what I'm saying. They're all a group. Sedrick, Steve, Ricky, they've been a group. Everybody knows that. They've been aligned. And there are these alliances in comedy. And if you stand against them, the names sometimes have a problem. But we don't let that change the content because that's all you know me for is that I'm quite likely to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God. Can you believe we're this deep into the NFL season? We gotta make every second count. Redrave Kingsports book, you can make the most out of every game date. Bed on your favorite teams for shot at winning big books. New customers can score 150 instantly in bonus bits for betting five on any matchup. Get in on the action with draft Kingsports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL down low the app now. Use code Shannon, new customers can score 150 instantly in bonus bits for betting just five books on the NFL. Only on draft Kingsports book with code Shannon, the crown is yours. Let's get to your upbringing. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio raised in Dayton, Ohio. What was can't win you in a bringing light? Your parents with Jehovah witness, you are a prodigy. You were brilliant. You talked to me that you got accepted a college at seven years of age. You could re-fluently at three years of age. So having that kind of knowledge, having that kind of a prodigy arc. So what was your upbringing? How was life as cat Williams Crunk coming up? I was often confused because I knew things and I wasn't sure how I knew them. I knew things that I felt like I don't have a reason that I know this, but I loved to read. I was voracious because I told my knowledge was powerful. The knowledge was power and I had studied powerful people and I really believe that I immediately my next project was to read the whole encyclopedia set. So when you're like six, seven years old, you read the whole encyclopedia set. You think you wanted to smartest people in the world only to get out in the world and find out you don't know anything. So it was a confusing time. But yeah, I had a childhood. I was grown, but at five years old I was in front of five, 10,000 people given performance. With a full suit and tie on. You know what I mean? So it hasn't, it can full circle for my life. I knew that they applause and the giving of information and laughs and truth to people. Somehow benefited them and also benefited you. Yeah, so when they would ask me what I wanted to be, everything that I was saying that I wanted to be was something that didn't exist and they would never give me credit for because I needed to say a doctor or a lawyer. But that's not what I wanted to be. So your parents weren't as supportive as you would have hoped because you weren't wanting to be things when you got older that they had no knowledge of or it didn't exist at the time. No, it wasn't that. I'm saying I'm almost 100 years old right now, but if we go outside right now, I could run a 4344 or a sub. I can do a 416 if I'm. Oh, that's Jimmy John's Croft of Street. We can order a sub. But you've been on the submarine. That was your sub? So back then it was even greater. So you got this guy that all the coaches want to like. Aircast, I don't do that. Hold on, because I'm five foot five in the fifth grade. I've been this high in my whole life. There was a portion of school where I was one of the big dudes. Like it's as soon as everybody caught a gross part, I was out of it. But I'm saying I was a competitive individual. My father was an athlete. See that. Like, I've been a 145 pounds. My whole career. That's why I never bothered when they said, you catch on drugs. I knew how you going to prove that. I'm. My body is a temple. I've been the same classes I was teaching. Like what do you, yeah? I haven't changed off this pivot foot. This has always been who I was before stand up or anything. But it was an interesting childhood. I appreciate my parents even though I couldn't live within the religious frameworks. So what they had set up. But that was more not wanting to live a double life and not wanting to embarrass my family. You know what I mean? Because I read where a form of punishment for you is that they would take books because you mentioned you were such a voracious reader. And a form of punishment, it was when they would take the books for them. Because you can read fluently. You told me how, like three or four years old, you could read. Read read. Not just a little child's book, but you could read read. Well, I'm saying when we go to Haiti to do missionary work, understand that my mother and my father, nobody that's there would speak French. I mean, it speaks Creole and reads French. So I'm in charge of everything from the housing to the cars to the gardener. I'm saying, so I'm not just reading. I'm reading in multiple languages. I'm probably reading 3,000 books a year from the time that I'm eight years old to the time that I'm 12. No fiction books at all. I'm only reading nonfiction. You could drive at 12. You received the full scholarship to the National Science Academy in Dayton, Ohio. But you failed so you couldn't be so you become ineligible. Why didn't you want to take that opportunity? I didn't see it as opportunity. When I got in there, all the students were wearing lab coats and it seemed very confined and restricted and nobody seemed like they were having fun. It seemed like everybody was smart. I didn't want that. That wasn't what I was signing up for at all. Plus, I thought that Jesus was my big home. So you know how you get a story about a dude joined the gang. You get a big home. At this particular point in my life, my thought is that the Bible is the greatest book that's ever been written. That it houses the truth and that it gives you the story of Jesus and that I'm supposed to be like him. So it's already in my head that as soon as I get 13, I'm leaving. You lit at 13. You'd only like, okay, my mom moving out. You moved from Ohio to Florida on your own. You were afraid? I mean, you're like, did you? Did you not have no? What were you going to do when you got to Florida? Don't say I wasn't afraid. There's no such thing as a human being of not being afraid. There are certain human beings that understand that being afraid in no way stops you from doing what you've got to do. So I was afraid, but I couldn't be that afraid because I knew what happened with Jesus. I knew how I worked out. I knew that I wasn't in the wrong with how I was feeling and I knew that I didn't have any bad intentions. So I trusted God that it will work out. What Florida? Because if you're raised in Ohio, the one thing on your list is, I'm going to get away from snow and I'm going to get as far. I want to tell me the place I literally went to a truck stop and I asked all the truck drivers where they was going. And it was one guy going to California and it was one guy going to Florida and they told me how long it was going to take. And so that's why I ended up in Miami. How do you get that you cut a blast? No, I just told you. I was after truck stop. I saw you later. I got in the hitchhike. I got in the back of the dude, 18 wheeler, me and my right wallet puppy and my suitcase. Because I was, I probably had 25 hundred dollars on me like I was shoveling snow and cutting grass. I always had pockets for the money. When did you make your decision that you were going to leave Ohio and go somewhere? It ended up being Florida, but when did you know that you were leaving, they didn't know how you go into Florida? And my father and I last interaction, somebody could have not made it. And we both understood that was all that. What was the disagreement about? Have you said that my family is very religious? Just say I'm not. So anything that I'm going to do is not, it's going to fall out of the guidelines. But I'm not going to let you tell me what I'm going to be. Even especially what you're saying is wrong. I can't condone wrong. And if I find out that something is wrong and I tell you it's wrong and you don't back me, that's what it is. And as a young child, you were willing to tell your parents that some of the things that you're saying doesn't coincide with what I've been reading in the Bible. No, no, very simply don't try to disfellowship me for sexual acts and I'm a virgin. Sorry, God, don't make mistakes. You don't get too times to fuck me over. What do you mean you went to God and he told you I was guilty? Just lie, don't God. So long. That's it. There's no conversation. Dosis. That's when you made the decision after that conversation right there. You said, I can't live under this room. It wasn't a conversation. It was an altercation. In the altercation, I love my father. My father loved me. But we are two men added. That it'll never be the same again. You can't sleep comfortably around me. And I can't sleep comfortably around you. How similar are you to your father? No, I don't know. He's a great man. I'm saying, I'm not. I'm your blood hit. I'm blooded hits. Right. But I'm saying that generally happens with a father's son dynamic. It was just that religious relationships are always difficult in families. They always are. Before I got to the point, because the dynamic he's father, you're son. Before that dynamic and you step up on his level and you challenge him, you felt it was best for you to leave. No, no, no. I'm not being challenged. I'm being beat to death. Oh, he was a music. I didn't say that. I said we were in an altercation. I told you that. I told you that. I told you that. I told you that. That cat. Yes. That's not an altercation. You didn't say you loved. You said you did altercation. I know where gave you the impression that I won anything. I'm the one leaving. I'm out of bounds. This is his house. Right. Yeah. So as long as I'm going to be under his roof, there are certain things that I'm going to have to do. Right. And the only way that's going to change is either this or that. And I'm saying. I had two younger brothers. Like, I'm not a reasonable person. Like, I don't have any mental issues whatsoever. Despite what they leave, people would have believed. You know, I make a pretty good decisions. Were you not, so how was their relationship with your father? Were you not afraid to leave him? Well, I asked because it went all the way to the actual department. So it was actually going to be something. And when I asked them, if they could just make sure that my brothers didn't get separated, then what's the have you? They said they couldn't make those type of guarantees that they weren't really sure what would happen if this went down. And so part of leaving was the hope that it would be okay for them because none of them experienced what I experienced. I'm saying, I'm not old. This is a lot riding on me. I'm supposed to at least religiously hold down the family's name. Correct. That's how it's going. How much older are you been the baby and the knee baby? Like a lot older. Like, if I'm, I think they're 13. Yeah, they're five. And in Panthers. Well, you go to Florida. You tell the story of her, you homeless. And somebody else told the story, said they were homeless and you said they hijacked your story. Now I don't, I don't. At 13, I shouldn't have to tell you. I'm homeless. I'm in Miami, Florida. I have no family members in Florida. I'm living by a house. If I wanted to, I couldn't get an apartment. If I wanted to. I don't have a credit history. This is not a stretch for me to say that I'm homeless. I'm living in a park and coconut growth. The park still exists to this day. For eight hours a day, I would get up and go to the library and study for eight hours a day to increase my education. And then I would leave out a day and go to the marina and still car radios and make $2,000 almost daily. So you were going to play that central theme in Santa Claus? You could have played it. No, the Santa Claus wasn't a thief. Yeah, Santa Claus. You can't tell me. I read the script. Ricky Smiley told you he didn't read the script. The Santa Claus was a crackhead. He just had that outfit on it. That's what I couldn't have played. I got to put in a play. The black guy that got raped in the bathroom. Right. So at any point in time that you like man, I made him a steak. And I should have stayed my buddy in Ohio, man. Because this is bad. Let's say what I signed up for. I didn't experience anything once I left home that I hadn't signed up for. If anything, it saved my life. Me being homeless for that small period of time allowed me to see all of the people that were in that situation. And to see that these were lawyers and doctors and teachers. And that these people were white and black and Asian and Indian and the only thing that all of these homeless people had in common was they made a bad decision and aligned themselves with drugs. And I interviewed them all. What drug? And guess what, Shannon? Nobody had a great story. Nobody had a great story of what meth had done for them. What crack had done for them, what cocaine had done for them. Where heroin had done for them, what speed had done for them. Nobody had them stories. Everybody's story was I had my life together. And then I decided to do this dumb thing. And I lost my wife. I lost my house. I lost my cars. I lost my reputation. And now I hear sucking penis in the woods. But talk about scared straight. You ain't got the word about me. If it ain't weed or nicotine, you won't see me touching it. I don't know parts. I didn't sing with these things. Can do the people. Anything that take over your free will is the devil itself. Have you ever thought about what your life would have been had you stayed in Dayton, Ohio? No. That's like asking somebody that's in the NBA for 14 years. Like, what would have happened if you didn't come to the NBA? Oh, I shut it, I think. I thought it was what I was made for. I thought it was what I was built for. Anybody that knows me will tell you that when they first met Cat Williams when I was cat in the hat and they tell these stories about how he changed his net look. The true foot of matter is Disney sued me. Yeah, I was cat in the hat. They sent me a cease and desist letter and I'm not even making $25,000 a year. And the mega company Disney has sent me a cease and desist. Telling me I can't use any variations of that name. Fine, I'm Cat Williams. That's all that happens. I have been this same product the entire time. They will tell you when they first saw me doing stand up. I was just like this. This is what I bring. This is my style. When did you know you was going, you wanted, were you always planning to do you? You always want to be a comedian? How did you start the normal comedian ship? No, I loved what they did. And so I studied them. All of them I studied. All of the white comedians because I wanted to know why is my T-Python funny. Why is Dynast so talented? I wanted to know. What is George Carlin's thing? Like, where'd? So I studied all of the comedy masters regardless of the field. Because I loved to laugh. I didn't know that these people were making a great living at doing this. I thought this is just what they did. They tell jokes. They're funny people. But I loved the craft. And that's why when I got into the craft, I thought it was my obligation to make sure that I can't write new materials so much that it forced these comedians to stop doing the set. They've been doing for 10 years and keep writing some new stuff. And I knew that if I could get that to take on, that most of these bombs will have to just quit comedy. Because they can't keep up. They're not going to keep writing an hour or were from material. I've written an hour were from material 19 times. They're not going to do it. Bye. Because they're not creative writers. They want to get somebody else to have them write it and put it together. So if I listen to you correct, correct me from wrong. I think the best thing that ever happened was the internet. Because now they have to because normally like you said, you could do a set and you do that. Do that that's said in Kansas City. People ain't heard of that in San Francisco. People ain't heard of that in Miami. They ain't heard of Detroit Chicago at Lannos, so forth and so on. Now you do a set. It's only internet. Somebody heard it. So you can't do a set and make it last three months, four months. Well, it doesn't allow the regular comic the ability to grow. It's the real problem. Like the part of comedy is me taking these jokes in January and by March, I've begun to craft this joke. It's not as simple as it was. When I wrote it, it was just, got a dollar, a dollar, a dollar. But now it has the complexities of the fact that I'm having to deliver this to a East Coast audience, a down south audience, a Midwest audience, a Utah audience, a Colorado audience. And so it begins to take on a different complexion because you're having to deliver it to different people. And so this is what sharpens your joke. You then take those sharpened jokes and make a special. Not you just randomly take some. So it's a process. You don't allow them the process if the first time the guy did the joke. Now that's his joke and the joke is everywhere. That just sets it up for people to steal. So how many times must you tell a joke before you master it? How many times have you had just leave with a woman before you don't know whether. That's not fair. If it's great, never. If it senses to have usefulness, so it has been spoken. Right. I read that you was raised and floored. You had some help, some ladies of the night. No, no, that's not true. No, that whole story doesn't take place in Florida. That story takes place in Oklahoma City. Okay. So after I'm in Florida, I've been joined. I tried to join the Marine Corps and it won't accept me because I'm too young and I've lied and told him I'm 16 and my family's moving down. I don't have my ID, but it's coming. And so they let me go to the boot camp. That's not going to work now. Okay. So I've learned that lesson. So then I get this job selling stuff door to door across the country. And so I've been all 50 states again. I'm 13, 14 years old. So I did that. While I'm doing that, one of the places I'm at, I'm in Oklahoma. And I've decided I'm going to stay here because of meeting these ladies that you're talking about. And that situation. I don't know at the time why that's important in my life or why is something I should be doing or any of that. But now later on, it certainly helps me informulating money, Mike, for Friday after that. Right. And a Pimp name, Slickback for the boom dubs. So San Francisco, Oklahoma Sacramento, from Florida, you moved to the West Coast. So you traveled in. When did you set up shop on the West Coast? All right. Where are you there? So I guess I'm, uh, 18 or younger and I, um, once I have my, once I have a child, I realize that, um, I can't, it's a lot of things that I could use to make money that now is a no-go. So anything with street aspirations that I might have thought about pursuing or been good at, um, I now am a single parent and I got to redo these things. So I need comedy to really work out for me. Right. Me and God go into, um, extreme conversation where I'm explaining to him that I'm a crash out dummy if you don't send me a life line. Like I need something like a hold on to. Before I left Florida, I did stand up one time because we was trying to get in the club. I didn't have ID. So I said I was a comedian. They end up having me do five minutes. I kept that in my head that I had done that. When we get to Oklahoma, they're having a competition for a stand up. And if you win, you get to go out on the road with, uh, Jeff Foxworthy and Dan Whitney who is Larry the cable guy and Richard Jenny and he's great comics. You get to open for him. And once I did that, I realized, okay, as a comedian, I'm like way behind schedule. I didn't start with this too late. All the funny guys are already funny and known names like, how am I going to progress? So I realized that I, I, I do better with a white audience than I do with a black audience. And I, I'm not sure why that's occurring. Okay. But the white audience likes me more. That's, that's interesting. So when I moved to Sacramento, it's because Sacramento has a white and a black audience almost 50, 50. That's almost the makeup of Sacramento. So I live in Sacramento for two years until I get to the point where I am equally as funny if the room is black. As I am, if the room is white. Okay. That's not enough. Now I need to be one of the good ones when it comes to black comics. So now I have to move to Oakland and that's what lands me in Oakland for three years. One side have dominated male black comedy in Oakland to my liking. Now I'm prepared to go to Los Angeles now. Now I know you can't throw me any curveballs. If it's a white audience, if it's a black audience, no matter what they are, I'm prepared to deal with all of the audiences. You write jokes according to the audience that you're going to be in front of or you're Joe Hewlett-Versel. Well in the beginning, I part of my framework is that I'm tailoring every show to this audience. Okay. And that's how I was able to show my range and show that I was better than my competitors. Is that I'm Cat Williams, but I was still doing clean comedy. So I was still going to church and doing 45 minutes of stand-up at the church with no curse words, no sex drug material, no none of that just straight stand-up. And then I was doing everything else and I... It'd regular clue. Yeah, that was the range is that when in Rome, do as the Romans do. So that's how I started. But as you begin to get better, you begin to be able to speak to your entire fan base. And that's really what's been helpful is that I've been having the same conversation with my fan base for 12 comedy specials. Is that what set Cat Williams apart? Is your range? Is that you can do a comedy? Do 45 minutes on the church? I can go to a comedy club in front of 250 or I can go into a arena with 15,000. I'm not a range because everybody can't do that Cat. Well, if that's what range is called, then it's range. But I like it the people I'm talking to. You say I'm saying so it's not like it can't be condescending. Because I'm talking to my white male friend when I'm telling that white joke. Right. When I'm talking about this joke about this black lady, I know that black lady, that's who I'm talking to. I'm speaking to this fan base that I've been speaking to from the beginning. I already told him what I was on when I first came in. I told him that it was going to come after me. It was going to cancel me. It was going to say terrible things about me and try to mess my life up. I said that coming in to stand up. I'm saying it in my mind. So you knew it was going to be? It has to be. I know I'm going into the belly of the beast. How could I be naive? I know that I'm going in the Satan's playground, but I'm trying to be so good that you got to bring me in so close that I can see who's going what's going on in there. In San Francisco, you joined the nation. I was ever in San Francisco. I was in Oakland. You was in Oakland. Did you join the nation? Is that? Yeah, Minister, Honorable Minister Farakhan. I have extremely close relationship. He refers to me as one of the sons. So yeah, I spent a particular period of time. Let me explain. Because my particular background was already religious and super strict. I didn't find out about other religions by reading about them. I went to their religion. I don't want to learn from Jewish people from outside. I want to be in the synagogue. I want to learn about Muslim people from, I want to be in the mosque. I don't want to hear about the Baptist or the Pentecostal. I want to go to the church. I see. And so that was the religious discovery that I was on through that period of my life. When did you know you were funny? Probably about 10 years ago. 10 years ago? Yeah, about 10 years. So you didn't think of a child. Because obviously, you said the bear structure background, your family was very religious. So obviously, you didn't get an opportunity. I never did a talent show. I was never in any extra curricular activities. I was never in drama. I was never in bank account. Never a boy's guy. I hate his dance school all the time. I would love to get for it because you dropped. You understand? You understand? So there was no, like, I don't, I don't tolerate high school games. I didn't go to high school. I don't know how most of the games they think I play. I'm not even aware of them. But, but can't for you to get on stage. And like I said, a lot of people like a lot of comedians that I had a few here, they're like, okay, I told jokes to get girls, I told jokes to get people laughing. Someone else. But you, it's like, you say you did comedy one time in Florida. And you had this opportunity like in Oklahoma that everyone will take you out of you one of the talents show. You're going to go to the role with these well known comedians. And I did. But I'm just saying how in Florida at 13, 14 years of age, you like, 60, I can do that. Well, because I knew that there were a lot of other things I could do. Like when I looked at drug dealers, I thought I could do that. Yeah. But that's it. So, right. And who doesn't like that? Right. Huh? I'm trying to figure out I'm gonna make it. But now that I got to do it on this side, but no, your question was, when did I think I was funny? I never was my biggest fan. And to this day, I'm not the biggest fan. I'm a fan of comedy. I like great comedians. Like I like Japan. I like Patrice O'Neil. Like I like the greats of comedy because I do like, I like Ron White. I like Bill Infall. Like I know comics like people that did the craft, they raised me. I was touring with Steve Marmel and Richard Jenny and real journeymen. So, my comedy upbringing was standard. I thought you had to work all night every night all around the country. And you had to write jokes. And that you were trying to write jokes that other people weren't writing. And that your job was to be funnier. Like people that know me will tell you, I've been on this. Like I had a list of all the black comedians that were more famous than me. There was 300 of them on the list. And I had to be able to cross them all out before I could make it to the next level. Before I felt like I was funny enough to do that. And so, I appreciate what competition does for sports. And for my particular sport. And comedy is a sport. What gave you the comedy that you could get on stage? You remember I was five years old on stage. Okay. That's a lot of people from the people from the problem. But I was reiterating God's word at that point. Now, I just have to make sure that the content is good. If the content is good, what part can I not do? I'm a vessel. He's given me these gifts to be able to do certain things. So, I just want to utilize them in my craft. That's all. Do you remember your first set? I look five, ten minutes. No, no. I think three minutes. Three minutes. Yeah. Standing Ovation Bulls, some applause, some gears. No, none of that. They applauded like I was a professional at it. But now, looking back, I understand. Because you ought to understand, they were all thinking, he don't even look all enough to be here. And we don't have any black guys that live in this town. Right. Where's he come from? And then he gets up there. And for three minutes, he's talking about the fact that he is the entire black community. Right. And he is disappointed in them. It looked like they look in for when a rest of the meals. And so is he. And that was his set. But I understand from that point that the truth is really the commodity. And the fact that we are all individuals and all separated and all our own islands, but not in real life. In real life, it's only five or six different types of people. And you're going to see them everywhere that you go. And all my enemies all look the same in the eyes whether it's phase on, wander, air, spares, they all look like- But what you got to get why the site? You think I don't remember that's me. Sir. One the site's in one the smith for two separate people. I think I'm smithed. That's it. I've never heard of one names. One the site. One the site. I'm crazy. I love one the. And I agree. I love one the. That's my girl. My girl. I remember on the radio, you went on the radio interview and found out what's the best in the land. Right. And you came on that were seemingly good intentions. And she attacked you. It wasn't just that part. It was the fact that before I go in there, she has a conversation about, okay, now. Well, I just want to talk to you because you just want it. Emmy for the city of Atlanta. And this isn't Atlanta and they just want to hear about the Emmy. And hear from you. And thank you for what you did. Put in the city on. And we won't talk about your kids. We won't talk about jail. No cases. We're going to talk about none. Right. And immediately gets in there and goes to opposite way. You can't flip up on me because you're an inferior comedian. I'm going to destroy you and I'm never going to call you out of your name. I'm never going to say anything disrespectful to people that look like you. I'm it's a very thin line. I got a call. But this lady is trying to embarrass me in front of a largely homosexual fan base. That's why she got canceled. Gay people don't take it kindly that you were as a derogatory. Call me gay. Gay people don't feel like it's derogatory. So why are you trying to shame me with something in the community? I don't even belong in. There's no gay people saying I belong over there. I've been over there. But I have no hatred of over there and how dare you? You did a number on the note. You did a number on the note. That's legitimate. No, you either believe in karma or you don't. Because I didn't even know any of the stuff that she had done to my fellow comedians until afterwards. I just know that it was a setup. Right. And remember, they tried to kill me this same weekend. Not in jokes. What a real gun in my real face on real camera. I understand I'm losing my life for participating in something that goes along with my job. Like, this took comedians. What do you mean? And the world was okay with it because it was me. That happened to anyone else. The world went crazy when Will Smith smacked Chris. This is a person that pulled in a whole gun on a comedian in the state. Confines of their job. This is really a weird situation when they hate you that bad. Yeah. Yeah. You felt she hated you at that moment because you mentioned that she said it was going to be very professional. All you want to end with congratulations. You put the city on. You own for the city. Yada Yada Yada. And I did she mention anything about the Emmy on camera. I believe you saw the video. And you know that none of that took place. See that it. The issue is that all the comedians have to come to these radio stations because you have to sell your tickets and so that means you have to go to the radio. Yes. I don't go to the radio station. And I don't make posts to sell tickets. I just don't. So you've not seen me. I'm not here in some subservient position. No. Nobody sent me over. You have the candidates that you are. You are. No, no. I'm saying. And then interview. Yes. Yes. Situations. Yes. Right. Yeah. And this person knew I wasn't there for that or yes. But my heart because you have to understand. She is a female. And so you have to be careful. You have to hammer her with kid gloves. Sir. Sir. You want to go ahead and take that out? You don't want to be against equality, dude. No. No. What you just said was very unequal, sir. But you think maybe you've had enough of this. Yeah. Because I think I just heard you say. But can't you tell women are not equal and should be treated unequal. They want to be treated as a comedian. You know, no. They want to listen. You understand and I understand. Yeah. And certain situations they want to be treated equal. Not all situations. And what part of what you saw her get? What's her? They were talking about it. What part would have been different if she was a man? It would have just been more vicious. You did that that's my point. I took all the vicious and dynamo way because I didn't have any. Plus I understood. I'm not trying to offend black women with short hair. I'm not trying to offend heavy set women. I'm not trying to upset fellow comedians. I'm not trying to do any of that. And I can't. I am qualified to be able to do none of that and still eviscerate you because I'm smart enough to know that I need to say that you have narrowed fingers because I know you're limited education. Means you don't know what the word means. So you can't possibly respond to it. You're not sure of the meaning. And I'm going to continue hitting you because this is what comedians do. Right. You've been masturbating that you're a comedian too. And that's the fallacy. So nobody embossing fights out of their weight class. If you're a 130 pounder, you don't just show up with the 160 pounders. You stay in your weight class. Is that what you wanted to do? That she was out of her league when it came to me. Because I didn't want to do any of it. I know you didn't want to do it. But what she took it there. Did you feel that you had to go there? Go there. You could have said one. I didn't come here for that. I just want to do the interview. I just want to talk about what happened. Oh, you understand my job. My job is to be funny. My job is to be funny first. My first job is to be funny. My second job is to be respectful. My third job is to be a maculant and Gaza strip it. Huh? That's not political. I'm saying, if you do it, you let a terrorist accidentally touch over here. And I won't stop burning you down until there ain't nothing left. It'll literally be rubble on top of rubble and I'll still be bombing. Why? Because that's why you should mind your business. This is what? If around and find out is about. Right. Have you ever been booing cat? Yes. Now. I have. What was that feeling like? Did it like you want to give up? Because when you have, I mean, I don't know how early it was in your career. Obviously, it hadn't been in the, I don't think it's in the last decade. Because you're better back in life. Have you ever dropped the past? Five. I've been booing to you. You know the little segment between everything is fine and I got it. And then you notice and where it is now. Yeah, is that the thing about as a comedian, the audiences opinion is the only opinion that matters, not you, the writer, not none of that. And so I don't think any comedians have ever been booed unnecessarily either. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm saying, I'm saying what, what do they say when the guy shoots the airball in the NBA? They say, airball, make sure everybody knows. But again, he's still got to get back on the, like the game didn't end. He don't get to throw his hands up and sunk. Right. That's supposed to be you says a learning experience. Most comedians don't get booed enough. I mean, this is how you end up with a Michael Blacks and who's a real African doing a fake African accent. Okay, more, this guy has mad at me. All I did was give him the best advice of his life. Remember, he was wearing dirty dishes. And I told him he needed to dress to be in the position that he's trying to say that he's in. And if you're the African king of comedy, sir, there's actually comedians in Africa doing comedy. If you go and say that, you got to go to African get a school, do everybody got, you got to put in some work. And these guys, they take my advice, they change their whole persona, and then they hate me for it. And generally, I'm just too big to comment or make a statement about it or do a live or any of that. But when it gets to be a whole grouping of these guys, I got to come and talk to Shannon. I got to lay down at the altar. You know every comedians. This is the other side of Kirk Franklin Prince. This is the reckoning. 2020 for you. You know every comedian that's bitten by show. You know you watched every episode. Because you know every comedian. You know every comedian. You're limiting me. Oh, you watched every episode because you know things. You know things. That's always where I'm trying to come from, whether it's comedic or otherwise. That's why even if you see me get arrested 10 times in a row on TV as a fan of mine, you can be like, he's going to be right out. Yeah, but they just say it. He didn't do it. He couldn't have, it's stupid. Why would he do some stupid knowing he got to come back and talk to us? No, they respect that every time it happens, I'm going to be free as a bird sitting out here talking to you about it. That it really was what I said it was. That's all. You end up you come down. You're in that way. Yeah. Now I'm reading Cat Williams won. Said you're the entertainers and hives a bush best, the best Los Angeles comic award. Did you win that award one cat Williams? Is it simple? Yes or no? It's not a rhetorical question. It's the question that probably should have been asked to send your dinner tonight. I'm asking you, I got you here though. I know. I can't believe Saturday get asked that question. You still a dude's joke at the given award and then take your life. You don't know that about it. Hey, but I promise you this. If he sees me again before he sees you, he'll be talking different when you see him. That's for certain. That's the difference. That's what these comics understand. It's that I'm not doing nothing for cloud. I don't even recognize cloud. But eventually the Lord is going to let me and you being one hallway. A lot of these dudes go. Kevin Hart don't win 25 years without ever being in the same building with me. I just said I go in the building. He walked out. You've never seen us in the same building ever in 25 years. Like it's like that. Why? Why? Yeah. Because I'm really the product. It's not what you think. I am never under the influence of anything. I'm always in my right mind. I'm always a physical specimen. And when you see me, I'm much, much bigger than you at thought. I have spore. Let's play in me. Then you would like. And I'm relentless. I'm out there. I'm still to this day. I played 11 games at basketball with a 20 year old. The record is 92 and 6. This is just in the yard. Just to the rack. Just because you work out. Yeah. You know, you work out. Not to the gym. You were going to gym. You push-ups. Sit up. My whole life it was just push-ups and sit-ups. I only have to do like 100 push-ups a day. I thought you're going to sit up a thousand. No, no, no. Because this is literally every day. This is not for the, yeah, for the grand. You know, I mean, I literally 100 a day. And I would do push-ups. And then I tore both my rotator cuffs. And so it was only thanks to golf that I was even able to get my whole golf. To the back. I've been a golfer for quite some time. My short game is impeccable. I can't get you. But two and some change off of the off-the-tee. But I'm still, I'm still coming in for par guarantee. Do you play for the till? Oh, no. I've found that you don't get anything for that. It seems like it seems very egomanolico. They go, hey, cat, for free, you can go further back. Hey, where? Women, does it still count the same? Hey, I'm up at the ladies' table. Don't tell me my pronouns. On the golf course, I'm she, her. Hell, now I'm mandate. Whoever, whoever the front team. Which I know we're joking we have in great conversation. But you did win the award. How did the award help you career? It had to help some cat? Nope. No. No. Come on, Cotton. Remember it happened to you just said it. How can I said you're giving you an award out of a worrisome? Everything said you're a Ricky Smiley. Ever been in a car. I got canceled for not being funny. Ricky, say here, told you that they cut them out of every movie did. They always have a reason. That's why I'm funny because I'm a happy person. I laugh all day long. I can't even imagine the misery of these bumps. That's the not being good at what you do, not work hard at what you do. But have that like you the best at what you do. It is crazy. It's crazy. But if you tour in the day day, if that we do, like a hundred shoulder, yeah. That's me. I don't run into none of them. That's what I'm saying. If you a fan's, I love fan. You mean you've been a fan of him for 32 years. You still waiting to do it for a special. You mean to tell me, Steve, how are you? Favorite comedian? You mean you've been waiting for him to do stand up for 15 years now? I mean Steve got a lot of them. Yeah, deal. Still out there. None of those irons mattered to stand up. Who cares that they wrote a plaque card for you to do family feud on? Like you're successful because we're surprised you can talk for a living and it's entertaining that you're going to say in some funny country things. But not a writer. Right. Not a writer. How did you develop money Mike and get it? I mean, that I mean everybody's talking money Mike. How how did you come up with that and says, you know what, this is how you should dress. This is how you should talk. This is how you should look. This is the kind of whip issue right. This is how we should talk. So if you'll remember that that was my first movie, just understand that what I did then I've done with every single role whether it was a Emmy winning role or whether it was in whether I was playing somebody homeless whether I was playing a dirty bag of bond on Atlanta, whether it was an eccentric guy in first Sunday regardless of what the role is. The first thing I do is erase me from it. Okay. So anything that I would naturally do that's what I'm not going to do because I'm playing a different character. Right. So I then create this person based upon real life circumstances. So I don't have to wonder what a pimps thinks because I've been in that position for a little while. I also work manual labor for some time in my life. So I don't have a problem paying somebody at work. And I don't have a problem being a go-gitter because I'm a go-gitter. So I bring whatever I can to these characters. I was able to the first week that I got the script. There was a pimped guy that used to be a pimped buddy. He wasn't anymore. He was a rapper now as his name was Mac minister and he had been a pimped and was Gary B. A rapper and I had never done a movie before I was a stand-up and I'm Gary Doodle Movie. And so I was able to craft what a real pimped was like what was too much. I didn't want to be stereotypical. Right. I did the research. I saw how many times people played pimps and they were always, it was always something weird about I guess because it's a weird job. You know what I mean? And I wanted somebody that didn't seem like none of that. That he really thought it was a business and treated it like that. And so, you know, those adding those levels to acting is what all actors do if they're not Steve or sad drink or Ricky. Like you're trying to create a character. You can just be phased on in every movie. Like you're just going to take you shared also like every movie. Like why does it say that in your screen? Man, that big worm live. Let him breathe. Cat. Let him be. Let him let let big worm breathe. Spally my mouth. You have been an unnatural allegiance to losers. It's not like you. No, I ain't got no allegiance to the man. But you got to admit the role that he played. Big worm. I mean, big pyramid Friday. Now you got to get him credit for the role. Now come on now. Let me ask you a question. Yes. If what you're saying is correct, why wasn't he a next Friday or Friday after next? I mean, hit roll. I mean, it wasn't good. Sorry. There was a lot of people that were didn't that appeared in the first one that weren't in the second one. Cat. I'm just telling you why. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that there's a, there's a news flash that there are reasons for things in the business. Yes. Oh, okay. Well, what, what would you, why would you, why did you bench below? Yeah, two points. What are you talking about? Shut up. What I like him. Not a lot of cares about that. That's not what we're talking about. These are business conversations that deal with business men. Right. Right. When you're good at something, you should progress. The guys that are not as good, they should fall down by the wayside. That's natural. There were that. So you believe if your talent doesn't support it, you should fall by the wayside and the guys that have a talent to get elevated, they should move. No, that's what water says. That's what the universe said. The universe said the levels. No, I don't, not I say who am I? I'm nobody, but I'm working every day as if I think that's what should happen. It's how it should be. And I'm choosing comedians that also write in work hard and don't steal other people's material. And I'm making sure that they all make $300,000 a season. And I'm making sure that they're not ever signed to me or my conglomerate. And that's why they're successful. No, you can work with me and still be a independent business man, boss owner like you came in. I don't need you to be subservient to me. That's those other guys that make you pay dues. You said earlier that you rewrote a lot of what money Mike was just saying how he behaved. So they allowed you to the freedom, the liberty to add Liam. How much would they allow you to just make a interception if it ain't all by talking about it as a football player if the ball can't you awake and you just grab it. Can you make an interception anytime? Are you allowed to pick up any fun ball? Are you, you can do any hustle, right? Oh, okay, same here. Same here. But here's the thing though. Even as an even as an offensive player, they might let me add Liam once I get a couple of years in my grip. They wouldn't let me add Liam as a rookie. That was your first movie. I told you the conversation in my first movie just because I am committed to labs. The only way I made it past those 300 comedians, I didn't tell you this. What it required is I had to watch all 300 comedians 10 times a piece. I watched your set 10 times of you performer whoever you were. And then I counted how many laughs you got every time you did these amount of minutes. So if you told me this comedian, I told me he did 30 minutes. I could tell you that he got 26 laughs in that 30 minutes because I had done the numbers on everybody. So I didn't just say I was funnier. I knew I was funnier than the comic you liked and I could tell you how many jokes funnier I was because that's how we judge stand up. You do 15 minutes. I do 15 minutes. How long? No, I'm funnier than you. Because you got six laughs and I got 16. I'm almost three times better than you low-key boy boy. But I'm never going to tell you the formula. So you're going to keep just going out there, Dylan Jose. Not understanding that I psychologically, the audience by 10 years is convinced that I'm funnier than you. They just don't know why. Because I'm putting out more content. Better. I had Terry Cruz on here. He said at the time that you did the movie, you were homeless. Is that true? This was my situation. Five months prior to me getting this first audition for Friday after next. I got this baby son. I'm holding him up above me. He grabs my little chain. He's playing with it and he accidentally drops it. It breaks out my front two teeth. I'm in a situation now where when I go to the dentist, they telling me this going to cost thousands and thousands of dollars to fix this right. They're not telling me what it's going to look like. I go get an estimate with no money involved. Find out what I need to do. They find out you got a tumor in your upper jaw. So we're going to have to do a whole surgery for you. It's going to be 100 bands. I don't have it. I don't have it. And I'm only going to have this check from this movie. So while I'm doing this movie, we live in this trailer. This is where we live. So when they come to work at five in the morning, we are ready there. When they leave at night, we still there. We just double back because we understood that this is our one opportunity. And we have this opportunity to change our lives. It's like a young man going for the draft. We can actually get in the league with this. There are 30 comedians on this cast. They're all magnificent. This is the holy grail of the situation. So yeah, I was able to make sure that because it wasn't just my first movie, it was KD All Bears first movie. It was Terry Cruz first. Yeah, I was the leader of this group, which meant that we did. We didn't do their rehearsals. They did rehearsal. We did our own rehearsals daily to make sure that we were at the level of professional actors, which is what made it so agriaches that guy. Say, I was supposed to cue his supposed to what? KD did have a good part in the movie. Man, the sense of the clouds was funny, man. The dude said the entire time we're filming. I can't play this role. They got a bandana over my nose and my mouth. My turn and I didn't go to the audience. I didn't even know who this is. So yeah, tell your start. He's taken, Terry Cruz also said that you guys had a lot of conversation that this was your opportunity and you needed to see his dismount. Terry had to benefit of having been in some very high profile situations already and took else. He had been in the league. He had done pro wrestling. He had done a lot of things. He had been televised and some things that hadn't worked. And this was just for two of this for him. Now you know what nobody has ever said in the whole industry in 20 years about the whole money might not get raped in the bathroom. So I understood going in that there's no reason. I lost every for a five year period, every single movie that Kevin Hart did was a movie that had been on my desk that all I had said was just can we take some of this stepping fetches out and then I can do it like it don't need to be overtly homosexual because I'm not homosexual, right? It doesn't need that to be funny, right? And me saying that and then I'm going oh yeah, no problem. And then going to give it to this other guy and having him do it just like it was and acting like I'm a bad person because I keep standing on my standard. But yeah, it's so this interesting, but I wouldn't change it for the world. Like again, I'm on the way. Decisions. You know, I've had cue by talking to a lot of people say cue doesn't pay. What's your relationship with you and what did that opportunity mean for you? Well, the ungrateful bastards that would say anything about cubes payment, you shouldn't even talk to them anymore. Like you don't you don't go too good will you don't go to a good will thrift store and go look at all this cheap ass shit. I'll do shit. I'll do shit. You could have went to her man's like you didn't go to Belinsey I got why you didn't get a vote of the ball man you want to add that conversation. What you mean to independent black dudes who's filming it partly out of his fucking pocket. What do you mean he didn't pay you enough? They wear those wear those. That felt like they earned the opportunity because they were big. No, no, I understood that ain't no two hundred million dollar movie. Why be how much did you expect you was going to be? Well, I made enough to get them T fix just like you did. Yeah. So I, it was no harm, no fail. I knew that I was going to go from there and there was no new tools to run the back of the cat wheel. Well, here's the thing. I wrote it. What I'm saying. I'm saying, if I did it, I did a good job at it. You can thank me. I was involved. Right. I'm not going to come later on until you. I never even read the whole script. So how you know it, Rose. What? What you mean ever read? Like he's like these guys, whole job is to present something unfortunately. And I'm just not a presenter. If you ask me a question, I'm just going to tell you the truth about how I would you be willing to do another Friday? Cuba already asked me to write it. I was supposed to have been writing it. That's, this is what these guys are mad about. Like we lost some great people before this movie could come out regardless. So yes, there desperately needs to be one. But we've missed a job with us when we're in a way that can't really be quantified. Right? I'm being honest with you. And the Chris Tucker that we got now is Epstein Island Chris Tucker. Not smoking. If I didn't know about it, I tell you, he's a great person. Oh, okay. What does it say? Ha ha ha ha ha. The being confident and not delusional is a real skill. Most of these confident people we see is really delusional. Well, you don't think you don't say the ass Chris Tucker to come back in the second, there's a snack in the second Friday. Smokey smokey was all in, they ain't no Friday without smokey. We all agree that that and there's no next Friday without Friday and there's no Friday after next. We talked about the role because you said it did all this a thing. Chris was allowed to make the decision. At the time that this is happening, cat Williams is known for smoking weed. Willie Nelson is known for smoking weed. Snoops, known for smoking weed. But none of us is really known. So I'm saying Chris Tucker didn't want to be the post the child for smoking weed. He almost smoked weed like that. He in the church. He Michael Jackson's best friend. Chris must. Michael Jackson called him Chris must. You have a met a man and get your little nickname like that. No, me neither. What's the be the greatest? Man, I don't be a nobody back right. I don't be a be a no more comedian. They all got it. They're they are you kidding? I promise you everybody try to double back. You're going to be having to beat them all with a stick. You won't let him get going. Much is your own deaf comedy jam comic view. What were those experiences like? What do you what do you remember most about deaf comedy jam in comic view? Comic view was everything. Comic view was really the break. And not Friday after next just because comic view was just 3,000 of your stand-up peers. And we just throw sets of all of them up there. And we see who the audience likes. Who do they like? And it was a great wild, wild West time to be involved in comedy. And the same is true for deaf jam because hip hop was a fad at one time. Hip hop ain't going last. And why are you doing that? And that's how it was for blue comedy. If you were a comedian that cussed, you were ridiculed by the mainstream comedy guys. That would be like me being on Joe Rogan. Joe don't want me on that. I need to be on Shannon Joe. Joe got six comedians that never been funny. He won't push out. But that's really how it is. I'm so sorry I'm competitive. You're an athlete right? Yeah, yeah, I could tell. You understand. Well they ever be another comedy new deaf comedy jam could that end today in 24 25 26. Could we see that again? They've already announced it's already going. You didn't know? Yeah, Kevin Hart purchased it. So he's now doing a comedy view. That happened at the same time that they gave DC Young Fly Hollywood Squares. Yeah, because they tell you that there's no gatekeepers. But we keep seeing the same people open the gate. They can have an open the gate. Let Tiffany in. And he now opening the up. Don't such a such open the gate. But what do you mean they know gatekeepers? They'll have a hundred gates out here. Would you? Everyone I've seen got a keeper. Would you have wanted to do a comedy view or their comedy jam? Would you have wanted to be? I think we just mentioned I didn't go. No, I'm saying purchase the rights and re-franchise it. No, they didn't offer it to me anyway. Like, comedy view did a couple of disturbances to comedy as well. So there were people like me that were about there getting two and three stand-in ovations in one set. And that wasn't good for television. So what they did was they started making everybody get a stand-in ovation. So they would tell the audience when they get off stage. Everybody get up and cheer. And so now the fact that I'm only one out there going to get stand-in ovations is now making people think everybody get a stand-in ovation. And that's not how comedy is. So I understand why that couldn't go anymore. Because remember Ricky Smiley said right here and told you a story about how he performed with Mike Eps and Cat Williams when he did comedy view and to let him tell it. He was funny or than both. I knew that. I knew talking about the special needs. That's good. That's a different type of level. That was a different type of cat. No, it wasn't. It was the time I was there. But I'm saying that time this time, same time. No, but I'm saying. Just like people that tell you the Egyptians, they're not black. Egypt is in Africa folks. As long as Egypt is in Africa, the Egyptians are African. Do you believe you could tell the same jokes today as when you started out? I mean, it's not telling those jokes. Richard probably not been able to tell those jokes in 2024 that they told in the 70s and the 80s. So they wouldn't told them. But that's my point. They're not inferior people. No. If they were in this time, they would be going according to our time. Just like then, we were going according to that. Like that's how it is in the world. There are words that we can use for a while. And we're using for a while until somebody says that in a good word. We should stop saying. Correct. That don't make people feel good. And we stop saying the word. And we move on to another word. You can say the our word. You can certainly say special needs. You can certainly say spectrum. You can, you can, there are things that you can say to get your point that don't have to hurt people. Right. But you would know that if what you did was construct the English language for living. Then you would understand that part. You've found that your first stand-up. You had 22,000. You had 25 to your name. Why did you decide to do that? You believe that much in cat. I believe that much in business. And business to the goal is for you to become independent and be the boss, take the responsibility, and also get the profit. Okay. That's all. How can I be looking for you to put me on if I would? And if I can't show you what you missed out on, why would you believe me? Now the fact that I was able to do it 12 times. That's the real thing. The thing that part of that I'm able to do it all across the country. The fact that every time I do a tour or a special you think, that's sponsored by somebody. Somebody do a good job. No? No, just just the guy there kicking around. Just the one that might mentally not be all there. He's the one picking the outfits, writing this guy's material, booking the shelves, making sure he gets there. He's the one hiring the other comedians. He's But hey, I knew that that's the end goal. So if that's the end goal, and I'm there when I start, why would I deviate from that? Right. Remember, my goal was to get this far and Hollywood and still have a virgin asshole. And never has sucked the penis. That was not only gold. I didn't want to get what a white woman because I was scared. She might have me running down the street like Jonathan. Man, you're going to pick up a whole jet. Not because I didn't like white women. I think white women are as great as any other women. But I'm not going to act like I'm not scared of them. I have a reason to be scared. You could be kang the conqueror and they could take your rabbit ass down in two weekends. And that's the true foot of matter. So let's say the way from that, and remember, I told you the drug story from when I'm in the park. Yeah. So these are just the things. I had all of those when I came in. I already was ready for that. That's what they don't like. I did not know. You're telling me and showing me a side of the business that I didn't know. But you guys, man, the competition, the competitiveness. That's all business. I don't care if they sell in Coke. You will believe the things that Coca-Cola says about Pepsi. He wouldn't believe the water conversations between the Sony and liquid death. Like in all business, in all sport, competition is a driving force. And I don't require anybody to be better who am I. I just require if you're a loser. And you've taken shortcuts at every chance. And you've made sure that you didn't put anybody on that really had a work ethic. And once a God-fearing person and you helped it, if that was never you, then don't act like that's you. Don't get out here now that you don't do stand up and start acting like, oh, you're not sure why you don't do stand up no more. I heard you got run off. You better be careful than they get around you off. Don't show up. He's going to tell everybody. And what you're going to be able to say, nothing. Well, you think I speak with such clarity. I'm actually involved in each one of these stories. I told you about. You're right. Right. The one comedian that we've been sitting here doing is going to be that you hold in very high regardless of their payday, or payday should pay a walk away from 50 million. You said it was more to the story. That's right. I would let you tell them. No, you're, you know what you're telling them. You really are the best. You're proving it here today. As much as I'm proving it, you're proving it. You proven it. Yeah, that wasn't the thing. It wasn't people say that. He lost 50 million dollars. No, no, that's not even close to what happened to this dude. And until you understand what happened to the dude, you don't understand what happened. Like, no, not they offered him 50 million and he turned it down. Who going to turn down 50 million? Now, I've had to turn down 50 million dollars four times. Four times. Just to protect my integrity and that virgin hole I was telling him. Right. Because P.D.D.D. won't in the body. And you got to tell him, no. You got to tell him, no. I did. I did. I got to receipts for everything. I'm telling you. That's why I get so I'm so crazy. I'm so crazy. I need to get out of here. Get through them. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Because early on, you was accused of me. I'm in. Can't. Man. Crazy. I mean, what you know, somebody people Martin tried to put me in my first dress. When he had to go on his hiatus, he told me, cat, when I come back, I need you. You are my young partner. You're my brother in comedy. When I come back, just promise me that my next movie, it'll be me and you. We're going to do it together. We're going to do somebody cops shit. I said Martin, you got my mother fucking word. My nigga, go do what you got to do when you come back. I mean, your movie. Don't trip. I don't need to see the script or nothing. You know, we get an office and this fool pulled out big mama's house too. I almost died. And I got to read this script from all these good white people. Where this nigga won't meet a given address with him. And I'm literally saying everybody, why is he an address again? You already played the old lady as a bi agent. We can play anything now. We can be playing the dog catch in this time. Why do we need to be an address? And I get so mad. I said, you don't want me. You won't brand and T Jackson. And that's what they went. Got twice I said it. They went and got him. Just like I'm telling you, I had the other dudes work. I had all of it. All I did was say I want to punch it up. So it's not offensive to real niggas and that's how I got in this position. I should hope I have a club to chase you after this year. It's going to be an dimension that's never been. Yeah, it's going to be a big opening. The greatest thing floating in the world. I've never been on the same way in a whole never realm of business. Oprah coming next. What's my established name as a place of truth? Yeah. Watch. Watch. God's people ain't that few. Prince. You met Prince. President of the friend of mine. You're the friend of mine. What was those conversations? Because he looked, I mean sometimes we don't really understand or appreciate someone until that go. I did. I was a big Prince man. All this stuff. Because he could play all the instruments. He could sing. He could that. He was an entertainer. Yeah. That could sing. And what he wrote. I mean, who thinks of cherry moves? Who thinks it's Nose and April? Who has a raspberry or a pink cash mirror? The thing, the proper rain, the things that he wrote about. Well, like, bro, who am I going to go? There. Yeah, he was um, he was like any, unlike anybody in the world. Um, he was um, he was just an amazing individual. I was able to meet him when I was 12 and I knew my entire life through all of his changes. I was able to um assist him many times. If you go look at Prince's car collection, you'll see that Prince don't have not one car cat with you. They got he got the prowler from Friday afternoon. He said, man, he got the same Bentley as me like, because we share certain things. Our our connection was lyrics, musical lyrics, women and cars. And those are the areas where he trusted my opinion on things. And that's where I got to be helpful in his life. And he was helpful in mind and um, really all different types of ways, especially about the business as far as being a black man. I was rich in this business at 18 years old. Had already did his first million dollar contract that already broke your records. Was determined that he didn't want to be like anybody else. Was so great of a guitar player that black people just stopped caring about guitar. And he got left out on the limb and somehow still had to create his way out of that. He was just really a one in a billion type person. I was lucky to know him. Now there are specials in the screaming. I don't know. I don't think there's as many there are no DVDs now. So I'm so how are you on this, the screaming, the specials? I mean, obviously you still tour. But how much do you focus on okay? I'm a tour, say a hundred days or hundred and fifty days, but I'm a dual special. Well now that our relationship with Netflix is at the eight figure mark. Eight? How? How? How often you want to make them? How you, you said, I'll be like five, six, seven, eight. Got to be 10 million to qualify. So what I'm saying is once you're at that level, I mean, what you do? I, I, I'd be willing to bet you say, give time you turn around. I'm going to be doing the list one. I think that's what you would say if you was any good. Yeah. Like I said, like I said, with 12 comedy specials, why do I need to be in this conversation with these specialists people? Say they got no special, you remember Steve, they got no special, you remember reading, I know special, you remember, Fee's on and got no, what so why do you all get special? Yeah, it was 20 minutes long. It was good, too though. It was, he's good. Not it was good. He's good. Yeah, he's good. I don't think because I said something, a derogatory that I, I don't, I don't know how to hate earthquake has consistently. I don't think anybody's ever saying quake wasn't funny. He, he probably never been booed. I don't think, I don't think he's ever given a bad performance. But, but, um, but his just do was overdue. He was in a whole different situation. Yeah, because he was an able to translate the stand-up to the movie. He took a hit. Most people don't take a hit. They're just judged on their stand-up. So yeah, no, I, I, even though it sounds like there's a lot of people, I don't, that's not the case. I, I am, I'm a proponent of all of us who are in this business, working hard trying to make it. When you got in the stand-up, was crossing over, was doing TV, was doing movie, was that, was that a part of it? You're like, okay, I'm doing stand-up. Okay, next, the next, the next progression is TV movies. Throughout the history of stand-ups, that's, that's the goal for all of us. That's how it goes. That's why when you hear these dudes come out, oh, I didn't want to be a movie star. You just know if this in Geneva is like, wait, talk about dude. Yeah, oh, no, no, I just wanted to do a game show. Right. What? Are you sure? Are you sure? Because I thought you did Mark Curry show over after he had just done hanging with Mr. Cooper. Why would you do all of that man stuff he did on his show on yours? And then do the do stand-up. You go on a road. And then you never put Mark Curry on your show. Or nothing like if you don't say anything, these dudes will run over you. I don't know if you know how Billy's operate. Or if you don't stand up for yourself, there really is nothing they want to do. Right. Your very generous man, you're the sole sponsor of Melville Moore. Getting started on Hollywood and Walker fame. You're all that on your own. Why? Well, do you have a personal relationship with Melville? No, no, I, um, I understood that she was a black woman in a time where it mattered what you look like and they had a certain thing that they needed you to look like and act like in order to be successful. Right. She just never did that. She wasn't tall enough. She wasn't fine. They didn't like her looks. They didn't like that her hair was natural. They talked crazy about her and yet she still made all of these achievements. And I'm like, understand, I'm already in the comedy Hall of Fame. I'm already going to have no matter what happens if it ends in a second. I'm up there. So it gives me the leeway to do some things that are simply because it's the right thing to do. So the true fun the matter is they wanted to get me a start. Please don't consider me in this this person been sitting on this list this whole time and just because they ain't got enough money they can't get they just do. That's crazy. When do you start? That's hurtful. What if somebody came to four-day flowers? You mean they won't get them? No, God don't operate like that. He was saying I dummy like me to come and take care of that. Just so that the right thing happens that's how the universe works. Because remember I was what I was doing in my money on. I'm not spending my money on strippers. I spend a little on drugs. What? Like what? Because if I go in this, if I go in a strip club, I'm only trying to get her out of there. Yeah. I have no intention of her or any other people being in this position. If I see a girl, I like it to strip club. I'm telling it. You know, you don't have to strip them all after this. This could be your last day. About that. What would it be like just leaving all? Yeah, that'll be all. I don't even want you to go get your purse. You leave it. And I need to get into ideas. We get into ideas and credit cards and social security cards. I don't need none of that. That's out of that. Yeah. This life don't look good on you. Yeah. You don't even look like a girl. Look at it. That'd be funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We was out there tricking up what? Why? You're part of the problem. You're part of the problem. Stop paying people that you don't have no respect for? It says it up bad for us. We got women out here came to find a man because they acting like him. You are out for now. Our officers all won't de-sub-serve in husbands. You can't have one. No. No. No. You can't go out for a second. You need to go out for a second. Sorry about that? Okay, go ahead. Boy, you don't got me canceled. How How many times in this program? Where's the camera? I didn't write nothing, I said it tonight. Just all been on these cue cards and they're going, they're going, they're going, they're going, they're going. That's your next question. Ah! The me goes. Do you have to get out of financial situation? I don't think we ever, as a nation, can remember a time at the me goes, where financially unsuccessful. So for the record, I would assume that they've never needed catwilts, financial assistance for anything. I'm sure that between QC, the label and other things, they were taken care of. On the other hand, if I was given the opportunity to help them, what the hell of course I would. That's what I do. I'm a pro-black non-racist. Like, I really, really love black people, but I don't love more than other people. I love everybody. I just, I'm a black guy, and I try to stick with that. But yeah, I'm not one of those pillow talkers, either. Like, when I do something good, I'm really not doing it for the ground. It's not for any of that. I'm just doing it because it's good to do. I appreciate that. I read, I don't know what this is true, but I did read that comedians on your show say that women sometimes would bring them money and not say where it came from. Say that again? Comedians would say women would bring them money and not say where it came from. Right. So I'm not a feminist, like a feminist would be, but I do believe that there are no, that in my camp, like if I had 35 people in my camp, right? I believe that other than four jobs, I believe that a woman is better at any of them jobs than any man could be. So, ten of these jobs, no man can work because I rather a female be there. If I got to smell anybody's breath, I want it to be hers. I don't want none of you crusty. Like I'm so, so what I'm saying is in a staffing issue, I'm gonna have 75% women just because I prefer them. I don't prefer to hear two guys talking in the corner. I prefer to hear two ladies talking in the corner. I don't care what they're talking about. I just prefer that. So a lot of times I will utilize ladies to convey a message of a comedian is doing a great job somewhere in the country. He just did a masterful set and nobody's gonna pay him. They just clap and he. And I know he's broke his shit back there. Wouldn't it be nice if somebody just showed up and gave him a little blessing? And he didn't have to suck me off for it. And thanks, Kat. Just boy, I really needed it. Why would you do that? If you was actually just trying to help people you would, people know that's how I pay my ties. If I got paid $100,000 to be at your city, I'm gonna take 10,000 of that and put it in your homeless area. Not cause I got to, cause you gave me a honey rax to come to your little rinky think town. Who would I be to not pay my ties back to your town? That's how I got in this position. Wow. You adopt the seven kids. Why? That's a lot of kids for a man that says, BISIER, you are, travels as much as you do. On the road as much as you are, spend a lot of time because you have to spend a lot. I mean, it's not easy. I mean, maybe it comes just so come so natural to you to put pin the paper and the right things down and be able to go out there and perform a set. But that's a lot of responsibility, Kat. Right. Right. But if there was a God, what would he think about you if you did that? I'm saying, let's just say for example, that God is real. Yes, okay. And let's say if he looking at what you do. Yes. What would he say if you did that? He said, that's a very, that's a very, that's a very, a gesture. That's very, just some of you. My whole life, since I was telling you when I was young and it was asking me what I wanted to be in nothing, I wanted to be with what? I wanted to be God's friend. That's a weird thing if you ate this. If you ate this, I didn't even say nothing. But if you believe in God and I tell you that I wanted to be God's friend and I wanted to even go to Hollywood and steal because friend. If I told you that that was my aim, you could understand where I met. Like, I promise you, I know jealousy, no bitterness. None of that. I got exactly what I was trying to get. I haven't been shorted in any way. I mean, seven, eight kids single. You will get married? You remember the conversation where I was where it was me? Yes. And I didn't know what was going to happen to my two little brothers. Yes. It was just going to be out there. Yes. So when it goes full circle and I'm wanted to, I wanted a richest man that ever lived. And I don't mean, please don't look at my network. I saw my network. I had that only. I don't mean to ever wait. Go to the picture. I see what I got. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's you, she. What I'm saying is like, I'm not. I'm not. My network is less than my last Netflix deal. Oh, you understand what I'm telling you? You make it clear. But I'm fine. Jesus was poor. Jesus had them. So when we met, you said, I'll have that. They had a minute, they had back there, okay? You got different minutes now. Not more than gold. Gold was the immunity of that time. We still got gold. They called it. They have the rose rose. They got a, you, you could buy, you could buy a ass. That's what they call it. And buy, go look at that. It would cheat. I'm saying, if you really want to say, I'm saying the color man is cheap. So back in the day, I will get my girl a donkey. Today we get her a color man, but I'm saying whoever, I'm saying whoever whatever it is, I'm saying we, I'm saying because what we're going to do, I don't already do it. I wanted to rich in people that have a list. Only in the fact that when I wake up in the morning, I'm out of where I am, I don't need nothing. Whatever I need is right around me and whatever I don't have, it's only just because I don't have it. It's not because I can't get it. All I got to do is want it and it belongs to me. So because of that, because I'm favored by God, like when I see people's wives and stuff, I don't even look at them. You know what I mean? I don't want to look at nothing. I don't want to have. Because I know how blessed I am. If I look at it, I got it. That's how did he be filled with? No, come on, back up. So do that for the look at anything that you don't want. Not me personally, just because God has given me literally everything I ever even pump fake like I want. And that's the whole thing. That's the whole thing. I don't have a type of woman. Everyone that I ever had as a type, I ended up getting there. Now she's not to type anymore. Now I understand that everyone is the one of one. Like you can't really have types. You can't really have that type of woman. Because see I tried to ask you about marriage. You let it out, you was like, so you ever going to get married and then you took it back. That's okay. I wasn't on the photographic memory. Are you? I'm not against it. Like most people that are not married is because they're afraid of commitment. Not like that for me. It's just the whole time I wanted to be married, I had kids. So I had to try to fill my wife's place before she got there. So I'm already got kids without a mother. But so now I got to be doing laundry. I'm washing dishes. I'm reading stove. I'm having a nurture. I'm having to do all of this. And I got to the point where I didn't need the wife. I'm doing it. And we're doing it. And I'm not replacing a woman in their lives. I'm letting them see that. That's just the only thing that we don't have. And it was easier for me to do that because you have to understand that. All of the kids I'm raising at this point. They have fathers. You see? They have a mother. You see? I'm a different person. I'm raising you. And so that needs to be done with the other. Respect for the others that put work in as well. So yeah. I never had a problem getting married. What's one of the one thing you try to teach your kids? I don't teach anybody anything. That's over 18. I've done the work I was going to. But as kids, I really just try to teach the things that can't be bought. You're integrity. Trying to live your life in a way that you yourself could be proud of if you had to look back on it. And I didn't do very good at leading by example. But behind the scenes, that's never what I was pushing. They understood that because of my stance, there was a certain thing that would come my way. And so accountability and responsibility is part of what you're teaching. Right? Even if you're doing the greatest thing in the world, there's this thing called no good deed Goats unpunished. Like there's a real Murphy's law. Basically raising kids, you're just trying to give them a better manual and an outline of how life works and then your parents gave you. And so that's how I did it. How do you avoid toxic women? Give me, give me, give me, I mean, so I'm going to obviously, you know, you like women? I do. And I probably like toxic ones more than that because that's because of that. Because toxic women are exciting. And that's just the fact part of toxic stuff. Goats. It's exciting. I'd rather skydive with her. But if you have toxic women, just understand that all monsters are feeding off of something. And if you find out what this toxic woman is feeding off of, you can just begin to turn off her feeding points. And it drives a toxic person crazy and they'll get away from you. But whatever, if she's truly toxic, there are certain things that she's doing that help fuel her toxicity. You're not noticing it, but it's what it is. Why do you think she watches murder mysteries, for she goes to sleep? Why is it always a crime drama playing in? Turn it off. Turn it to cartons. Maybe. No, no, you don't get to, what's she listening to? You're listening to sexy, right? You broke. Ah! You're sexy. You're sexy. Tuxick people are trying to get things. They're not being toxic for no reason. They're gaining something out of how they operate. That's why they operate like that because they get something. As soon as you find that out, you'll be able to cut off what they get. And they will leave. Yeah. You were married once. Never. You were married. Never in life. So would you have a co-habitation agreement? Never. How? I'm going to be a single parent and be married. You two, you know, there are people that like, were married and then they get divorced and then they become single parents. That's how they work. Yeah, the person who's never been married means he'd never been married. Okay. I'm going to take you away for it. Why would you need to take my word for it? Oh, no, no. If I had been married, wouldn't it somebody say who she was? No. If I had been long time ago. No. I've never been family-sara. I've just, I just worked in the story out to you. That, I don't have no hidden mysteries in my life. That was Jesus. I don't have no periods in my life where it's unaccounted for her. No, no, no. That person that said that was a liar. I got a case right now in LA this lady said she was my assistant for four days. And I heard her and something like that. I never worked for me not until they in my life. Lawyers lie because they want to. But people always say, why would they lie? No. There are several women who have said they was married to me. It's just when they went to court. They had to say, I was married to him spiritually. You shut up. Are you going to be married to me? My kids don't know you. Answer me that. So do you have a problem? Do you have a problem bringing women around your kids? No. Not then or now. I've always lived with several women. Like I know. Several? Yeah. Like more than what? I've already told you that I prefer the company of women. Yeah. The company of men. So I've told you that me and a couple dudes on my staff. Sometimes have to co-habitate. Nobody finds a problem with that. Yeah. So it's me and three ladies co-habitate. Because that's how the business gets done. Like I don't want to shift. That scratch is not spoiled. I don't. I act. No disrespect to these guys that go around with these large male-only groupings. But that's not my episode on to Raj. You were approached by seven good. You robbed. Shot the thigh. Say it again. You robbed one. No. You didn't get robbed. You didn't get approached by gunmen. Try to get robbed. They didn't take anything. I wasn't even the... I wasn't even... The target? I wasn't even who they were talking to. And not because I say that. Because if you look at what time period it is, I'm not even making five thousand a year. So robbing me wouldn't answer that. This is before I'll go home. You got about a terrible condition. Better be disappointed thinking they get some of you up. If they'd robbed me... Look. In three cities, there is legendary. That cat Williams would walk down our streets. Where his baby and a baby stroller would a diaper bag, with a gun in a diaper bag. The only thing I need is the past. Don't mess with me and just let me go about my business. I'm living in Ingowood, compting. I'm living in Manchester, in Western. I'm in LA, the gang capital of the world, but never robbed. Because why? I'm not pretending to be something I'm not. You think I'm a blur. You think I'm a crib. I'm from Ohio. I'm a comedian. I'm a father. I'm trying to do something out here. And not only do I not judge what you do. I'm not trying to be involved. That's the difference. That's where the respect comes from. Two-year touring right now, dark matters. The dark matter tour. Yes. Filming next up next week's special. In May. May. Yeah. Next week's special. You two had to think of what? How much cash did that? I thought you might sooner. I'm okay with that one. Right. Because it's the homecoming for me. Because I lived on, I lived on Hazel. So, you know. So I got a chance to go. He's gone. No, I lived in the heart of Ingowood. They saw me walk down, Marcus Tree with the babies I'm raising. Like they understood that. No, no, no. I was really... He wanted me from the hood. No, I'm living there on the street. What's your favorite city to tour it? The next one, sir. Yeah. That's the real beauty of travel. Right. That's why most people don't have the empathy and the sympathy that they need to have for other people. Because they haven't seen other people. Right. Like if you went to Ireland, you saw what them people was like. You went to Sweden and saw what them people was like. If you really went to Africa and you really saw what the people was like. You went to hate you with Puerto Rico. If you really traveled across the country, you would see that all people is the same. Way more people. That's good. Then the fucked up individuals you see them. And if you understood that it would change everything. So I don't... I don't have any favorites in the world just because every place is dealing with their own issues, their own troubles, all places look better than they actually are for the people that live there. And it's always a difference between what it seems like. What is that? And what it is like, people will tell you, I went to Paris. I was there at the iPhone Tower. It did you had men books. I know rats everywhere. The food was terrible. Tell the rest of it. Yeah. I found a lot of things. Let me ask you a question. When you go to the cities the tour, do you make it a habit of getting out? That's how I built my reputation. It's also how I ended up in jail 19 times. Because when I come to do a show, I'm really in your city. So whatever the strip club ends, I'm there. Whatever the top bar ends, I was there drinking. Whatever the... You had to consider, how was that? Like, what was it? Huh? Because I'm at your city. I'm a... I'm learning your city. So that when I do my show, I can be talking about what I know, not what I think. Right? And so that was what I did and every city that I went to. The first 15 minutes of my show is what it's like to be here. Do you see what I'm saying? And so that was always a part of what kept my legend going to the point where I can still be in these arenas without you ever seeing a poster with my picture on it. Without you ever seeing a flyer. Without you ever seeing a poster goes, hey, it's cat. Could y'all make sure y'all come out and come see me? Cause I'm gonna be in, would you please come over now? You guys? I really... Because we have a different respect. I know I'm coming. They know I'm coming. I know they gonna be there. And they know I'm gonna do the best job I can possibly do. And they know beyond the shadow of a doubt. Whatever hour he was doing when we last saw him. He won't be doing that hour when we see him this time. It's a whole new conversation. And because I've never strayed from that, they've never strayed from that part. I'm looking at some of the actors that you've been on screen with. Q tracing, Morgan Regina Hall, Terrence Howard. They's a little bit kind of, I mean, Timmy. I mean, bro, who brings out the best in cat with you? How do someone get the best out of cat with you? Do you need a comedian? Do you need a serious actor? How do we get the absolute best out of cat with you? He's on screen. Well, I would be disingenuous if I didn't remind us that That's never anybody's goal. Has never anybody's goal to create a great situation for me to do a good job? Why? And the way it works is the script is already there. This is a character in the script. If they give me the job, I make it my job that this character here. This character here has to be as big as this whole project. So if you don't even see the movie, school dance, I won't you remember. Who's got that white baby as this? And the only way that I can guarantee that you remember, I'm not saying if you didn't remember a whole movie, if I make sure that my scenes are that good, because that's what I watched. I watched great actors. You never saw the narrow. You never saw a peshi. You never saw any of these dudes in something. You was like, nah, I don't really believe it. You're sure you're the great gats me. Like, no, like you believe that this dude Daniel is a hobbit. That's part of the Lord of the Rings. You see what I'm saying? And so I, it's a having a respect for the craft that I'm doing. That means I got trying to do the best job possible. What was it like working with Spike Lee doing priceless? Spike Lee is everything that you said I was in my intro. He's just really an innovator and a groundbreaking one of a kind, dynamo. And um, and um, and I knew that they were, like they tried to sabotage me even then. Like, as soon as I said I wanted to get Spike Lee they directed because that was the biggest thing I could do. They immediately gave Spike to Gerard Carmichael and had him do his special too at the comedy store and just to undermine, like, but I, if there's one thing you can take away from me as a person, whether you like me or you don't. If you take this from me, you will be a better person. If you decide today that you're going to live every day, like it's your last for real, which means have a conversation with yourself every night. That was it. Maybe not being no more after that. I really count yourself every day, like, that's could have been it. All right. Before I go to bed, this could be it. All right. How's that looking? If you can do that in a little change in your life, you really start making decisions that live in your life, like this all you got just this one day. But you could be a winner. You could be a winner on this day. It just, it's just work ethic. And not the work ethic they talk about. They tell you work ethic where they do all these movies. I'm the hardest working man. No, everybody goes to work every day. Right. Yeah. I'm saying, I'm gonna work all the time. Everybody who works goes to work every day. Shut up. Shut up. You get what? You think I respect you more than my gardener? I don't. I don't. He work every day. Right. And I shine. I don't know if you saw this, but to rise your P.H.M.S. and got extremely emotional the other day. She was given an interview. Yes. And saying that. They're vastly underpaid. It's a math. It's not math. They get X amount of dollars by the time. Uncacin, get his cut by the time they age. You see what you see that was supposed to get. It's a fraction of that. What did you come down on that cat? It was the saddest thing ever because imagine imagine being a York genre and your sub niche. Whatever it is. Imagine being a York lane. Imagine being on the very top of your lane. To the point where if they don't take you for the role. There's not three black actresses that they can say are bigger than you that we're going to give this to. Imagine being at that point. I have to humble yourself and say. Then I pay a meal. And they not make it my pay go up because I'm doing better or nothing. It don't matter to them that I'm famous and people know me or nothing. They want to pay me exactly what they pay in the new girl. And I've been suffering under it for a decade now. And just taking it. I just been getting whooped. But I just got to come and say this is wrong. Oh. Oh. We should be ashamed. But this is a country where we don't pay the teachers and then we say the kids is the most important thing. You can have both of them. If you do that, we're going to end up with a generation that can't read. Guess what? Generation Z and A can't read. Why? Those who was given them a book. We got my bad or fun. And now the letters don't mean that. There's no cursive writing. Sorry about that. So yeah, this is what period of time it's in. It's the period where the victims get to say they've been hurt me for a long time. And I just saying sad nothing because I was trying to be strong. And I didn't want to shame anybody. When our people call out for help, we got to understand. You know what I mean? They're like, like we put too much pressure on Tyler Perry. You know what I mean? He ain't putting nobody on. The people that been in his productions, they're not famous all of them, could walk through them all without security. Being what you're going to be, but put your people on. If you were gay person and you in there, put some other gay people on. Put somebody on. Or don't be wondering why people keep saying gay keepers. Because clearly, y'all are keeping these gates. Clearly. Why, I know how difficult was it for Nick Cannon to get you on and what was that? What was that experience like? I've known Nick Cannon since he was a teenager. He had to have his, he in the comedy club. If you're under age, you can't be in the regular club. You had to be in the kitchen. Right. So I was the master of the kitchen every comedy place because I got a child. And my child is back here in this place while I go on stage. Right. So I've known Nick Cannon since he was 14. Nick Cannon has never called and asked me to do one single thing and I turned him down. Because I've known him since he was a young black child in Hollywood. Wow. So what I did in, while and out, was to be his protector and to be his voice with hip-hop. So the whole thing was the thing that he was trying to do had never been done before. You can't bring six comics in and let six comics talk shit about six rappers because the six rappers will beat the six comics ass. Right. You have to have a comic that could actually stand in between and go look. We comics, we gon' say what we gon' say, y'all gon' take it and understand it's a joke. If you wanna fight, we fight before the show. So you can go out there with your black guy. We're not gonna do it comedically. This is what needed to take place in order to beat for it to be successful, which is why it had already aired and didn't work. And then suddenly when it comes back with me, it suddenly works. Because respect has to be in there as well. If you don't try to do it with Kevin Hart, you ain't him gon' get run over. You a teenager, if I do, like, what's gon' have it? Who's from your favorite young comedians? I haven't seen a young comedian I don't like. If you name any of the young comedians, I'm aware of all of them and they're all doing a great job. It doesn't matter if it's country-wane or desi bank, it doesn't matter if it's Carlos or Chico. It doesn't matter if it's desi or just hilarious. It really doesn't matter once we go to the young part. The young comedians are dealing with things that we never dealt with. And so that gives them more benefits, but it also gives them more chances of the failure. So it's not easier for them. So yeah, I'm a big supporter of young comedians. We have Miss Pretty Ricky and Tecaro Williams. I've taken 25 black women on the road in these tours. It's important to me that the young comed gets the benefits and the advantages of the big comics platform. Matt Rice, wild enough, recently got canceled. You see Jonathan Major's, what he went through, Marble dropped him as soon as the guilty. The conviction came out and you were telling me. You saw that black woman come get his charge cut in half. Thank you, Megan Good, God bless you coming to save that sleeves. And he'd had to meet everybody and smell he was getting all full. And he was like, you know, you know, you know him from a wild enough. He just got some fun time trying to tell him. I never knew him from wild enough to be honest. I came across him as a new comic. Okay. And yeah, I'm really just trying to see the comics judge where they are. See it. Right. Go ahead. So the counseling. What do you think about this council culture? You see the situation with Jonathan Major. I mean, for all since and purposes, I don't know. Maybe he can bounce back in a couple of years, but man, he was hot. He was hot. He was cooking. I mean, you see him in Creed, he's in the Marble movies. And then just like that. Maybe I'm a conspiracy theory, but I thought, Cal Williams said, anything that time they make you into that position. Part of that contract is you do understand whenever we want to take you down we can. Right. Part of giving you the word. First of all, they went around the world for two years straight. Telling any women that would listen that this was a good looking Negro. This win. When the jokes started like in a big nose and we don't like a little head and a big jaw. Win. Since when? I look like my daddy. When you start liking my daddy. You like black people's features like that. If this ugly nigga is good looking, then all niggas. It's good looking. Anytime you see them telling you something, you can't believe just understand it's a play. And it don't matter. You go and know it's a play. Soon as they get in that position and think they're going to tell somebody something. You're not. No, you're not. Marble will cancel you. So you won't be allowed to read a comic book. What is your job? Can I not? Get out of here. Get out of here ugly boy. Yeah, they love fooling the people. What's your relationship like with you and not? You still close with you? Have you spoken to him? Have you talked to him recently? Yeah, it's doing good. Yeah. He's a man when you are a friend. You're friend for life. We can't win. Yeah, because the people that come to me are trying to better their life. They're not trying to continue doing what they have been doing. Okay. So when somebody comes to me, male or female, it is in the auspices that this is what I did. This is what I used to do. This is what I want to do no more. And I want to do something else. And I'd like you to go a different way. Okay. That's what I often. Yeah. So if you come to me under those auspices, then my loyalty is lifelong. Why would it not be? Tori Lane is a man. What would you take on that? Because I know you got to take on everything. I mean, it's a different called position because somebody is not going to tell the truth. And the truth has got to be told. And all circumstances, the truth has got to be told. So if you don't want to say, she's shot her. They use shot her. And that's the end of that. You say you've never, have you ever spent time in jail? Thirty times. When you was in there, what was going through your mind, can't? What did, what did I mean? Some people like man have an opportunity to reflect. Never like man. This ain't the place when I ain't coming back here. So what I've never, I've never been in jail and it was my decision to be there. If it's dangerous to be in the hood and you have to have a gun on you for protection. And it's either be judged by sex or, I mean, judge by 12 or carry by six. I'm always going to have my heater on me. So if you want to tell me that you're going to pull me over 15 times looking for it, I'm going to tell you 15 times you're going to find it. Unfortunately, I smoke cigarettes and weed. If you catch me 15 times, 15 times I'm going to have it on me. What do you think? I'm in jail thinking. Oh, I don't fuck up. I'm not going to protect my life at all when I get out of here. Fuck it. Let me do what they want to do. No, no. When I'm in there, I'm fine. And I'm understanding that I'm put here for a reason. And the people that get joy off me being here are really going to look stupid because I'm feeling to be free because you've got to be setting this up. I'm never anywhere to get anything. You don't know I just made $300,000 in your city. That's why you think I might be out here at the near-duke well. You think I'm a smoker? Yeah, he's got a medical license, Florida. He needs it. It's his only medication. Do you mind if he takes it? It helps him eat. Because he does 19, 100 city tours, flying across the line. And so he doesn't get hungry on the regular. He doesn't get sleepy at night. He's got to literally put himself to sleep. He's got to make his healthy. So this marijuana helps him do both of those things. I want to hear this sweet. Oh yeah. Because remember as a comedian, what you're doing is against your natural timeline. Your natural timeline wouldn't be that you would start your work day at 8 o'clock PM. And then your work day is over at 23 AM. Like that's a weird, right? You tell your body now that we're pumped up on endorphins. Now let's go to sleep at 3. They don't work like that. Your body has to try to get a whole new schedule. So you know, it's suffered, but that's what worked for me. I consistently used it. I told people all across the country don't worry. This will be legal in our country. As soon as they find out how the charge taxes for it, we will be legal in this country. Do they view me as some sort of visionary for my forward sleep? You know, you own drugs. That was hurt. But how you beat, I mean, bro, every time they try to put you down, they try to put you to the back. You bounce up, you move right back to the front. I mean, you're like a super ball. You just keep bouncing and you bounce higher. Trappling skin is something that you ask God for. When I watched you play football, you had it. There's some people that... There's really no such thing as hitting Shannon Sharp so hard that he don't want to run the ball the next play. Right, absolutely. And if that's your only goal, it's to hit him so hard. They don't want to be him no more. You just have a look. Yeah, you waste your time. There's no, your coach can't help you. They know Pep talk going to help you. Don't matter about the uniform, you're chillin' None of that matters. If it ever gets to Mono, I mean, they'd be the best man win. And if you've been living your entire life, trying to be the best man that you can for yourself, then you should feel great about those odds. What do you think about Kanye Ranch? What's going on with Kanye? From a distance, obviously, I don't know how well you know Kanye. I don't know if you've been around Kanye, but from a distance, what do you suspect's going on? I suspect that we're pretty awful people. If we say that somebody got a mental illness, and then we watch what they do. If you say somebody got special needs, then why would you be watching them and holding them accountable like everybody else? Wouldn't you grade them on a curve? When you go, who? It's guy. Because I mean, what are we reacting to? What are we reacting to? You are the one that put him in a position where he thought he was God and could call himself Jesus. And you don't want to tell the guy that rights musical lyrics. That he was a genius. You're the one that's like, so, what do you expect? The guy married a whore. Like, whore. I didn't mean it like that. I mean, married her because she was one. Not he didn't know. He understood that he wanted that. He corded that. That's what he wanted. The basis of family. What's that family of all? It's a good hard, though. I know what you're going to say. Don't you say it, okay? Don't you say it. I won't move the car. What I'm saying is not correct to how does she end up with Pete Davis? I mean, it happens all the time. What if you weren't even good enough for Pete and he leaves you? What do you mean the product was? No, I don't support or villainize Kanye because I don't understand what it is. We won't from him. I don't know why we look at a basketball player and say he there's score. No hockey goals. There's whole season. He don't play hockey. Kanye don't say nothing. I can agree with. Okay. He was the weird guy in the beginning with the pink sweaters. Probably met him. Yeah. What do you think moving to beat of your own drop? This. This dude started a church and kept cousin. Nobody in black church said nothing. You want to thought all the past is what it came of. You came in. You just said fuck that bitch. Nobody said nothing because Pete and Jake's over there with Pete in it. Oh, come on. Only the guy you had here has been upfront and honest and a man of God and humble and took the else he had to take and didn't. I. I did see him with training though. But I ain't no I don't. Let me go to this question right here. It's cool. All people that love the truth got to be happy if the truth coming out and lies is getting exposed. That's just what time it is. Twenty twenty four of those. Are you related to a luda? No. So there was a crossroads where we were both invited to an aluminum notty thing and it had to be one or the other of us. And decisions had to be made. So it was both of us. We were equal. One of us had to cut off all day hair and couldn't do the sideburn thing no more with the points. And the next person they say was going to get two hundred million dollars because they were going to pay him 10 million a movie to do 20 movies. And that's how the conversation happened. One of those persons started out to be ludicrous and the other person turned out to be cat Williams. Now one person ended up with a light skin ugly face wife that's never done it. Remember I told you that if I say that it applied to seven years, it's part of what they give you. Okay. I didn't get it. I'm not mad about it. How much money do you have? Two hundred. Sir. Fast and furious on what number. Ten. Ten. Two hundred. I think we want to go away. We want to go away. Look at the say. That's what they all end up saying at the end of the day. Kevin told you won't go where no dress until they offer them the dress and then he put it on. And what did he say after he wore it? I made my own decision. But you didn't make it before they brought it up, did you? It's okay. It's all right. You have a lot of politics. Never talk about it. I'm not that controversial. Yeah. Where are we going? Where are we headed, kid? Uh, this is sad. This we've never been here before. We've never been at the point where neither option is good for us in real life. No. This is a different conversation. This is what you rather go back with your ex or would you go back with the person before them. It's so bad. Both bad options. Like one guy we get. We get a guy and barely put his senses together and other guy. We'll put senses together from whatever he's read. Oh, whoever totally like. But how do we get here? How do we get here? All division divides. There's no way around them. All division divides. Politics. Even in the beginning when our constitution was drawn up, the two parties was not what they had in mind. No. They always thought that it would be too main and another independent party. They always assumed the independent party would be just as strong as the others. A lot of that just didn't happen. That's what I've learned more from comedy is that Republicans laugh at the exact same thing that Democrats laugh at. As long as I'm talking to Democrats, I can make them laugh for one hour straight about what Republicans do. By the same token, I can go talk to Republicans for one whole hour and have them dying about this stuff that Democrats do. But at the end of the day, who does that? Yeah, your team got an offense and a defense. They're not supposed to be enemies. The enemy is the other side. Well, you can't do politics like that. Nope. This is not good for the country. Man, you see this Martin Zuckerberg building his $270 million bunker. If you have a billion dollars, we have learned that you can do whatever you want to do. When Elon Musk was a sin, space, things in space, you don't have to ask nobody's permission. Congress don't meet, Senate don't meet. No police department got to be warned. He don't need a permit. None of that. If you got a billion dollars, you do what you want to do. And then you tell them what you did. Right. And that's how it goes. What have you been on the bottom of two hundred cent of me in the middle of the book? What do you know that we don't know, okay? Kim Jong-un. I don't know what you don't know. Do you understand that people that are not very bright are in charge of nuclear bombs all across the country? That's what he knows. He knows that 30 percent of all weapon systems are running off regular Wi-Fi. So what does that mean? That means if a solar flare or a meteor hits, either one of those. Literally a bomb can go off just because the system accidentally got turned off. Yeah, that's what he knows. But people that are empowered know that the people that are running the most complicated and deadliest things on the planet are just an average idiot. And you know lots of idiots. I do. Yep. And these people are not special. Back in the day they were. Yeah. Not today. Not today. You say you smoke a little weed, you smoke with snoop. Yeah. I'm actually a bigger smoker than snoop. You'll tell you that. But I don't like I don't mix anything with my weed. I just do weed. So nobody has nobody has nobody does 20 blunts a day like me for 30 years. Like I was the first person to have a weed roller. I don't know if anybody who's job it was. Like I have a roller to blunt in 20. Like if you go, I'm saying I prefer the saliva of ladies. Oh, my goodness. No, no, understand what I'm saying. If for a blunt, it's necessary for it to get lit. And so if you had spent 20 years smoking with dudes, that's a lot of male saliva that you would have just accidentally and just did. But the father's guilty. I can't be this specimen on that. It takes the saliva of nice ladies on that. But yeah, I'm a, yeah, that's all I do. That's just a thing. Do you consider yourself a king of comedy? Where the, where the kid? No, they, they consider that. Like like when after Bernie left, them same three guys I'm telling you about the king. Yeah. Right. Because the L is the greatest. I don't know, DL slander gets tolerated. But they came to me. I was supposed to be the fourth king. I got the offer. But I turned it down. Because you shit on Bernie. And I know the truth. You're damn like you shit on Bernie and then come get me. I'm the next king. Fuck you. Why? Because the whole time Bernie was here, you was acting like you was funnier to him. The reason you was supposed to go last is because it was your tour. Tell the truth. It was Steve's tour. Not it was going to be called the Kansas Comedy was Steve's tour. These are the guys opening in for him. Of course you got to close the bitch your tour. That's why it was such a big deal. But you couldn't do it. Because you can't beat the best. And until you humble yourself, you will forever be king by the king. And because you finally did it because you didn't had no other choice. And now that he gone on, you're going to act like he wanted to be a movie. Stop it. You stop it. You stop it. That man was funnier than all the y'all. And y'all thought y'all had one over on him. You thought he would blacken ugly. And you were good looking. He could make it because you did. And that ain't the way comedy worked. The king is the funniest. Period. Every time. And that's why no audience member was ever swayed. It didn't matter where Bernie went. You think in Bernie went first he wasn't the king. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get your ego out of this. You let the best beat the best. Okay. Can't wait you related gentlemen. Thanks for coming on, bro. I really appreciate that. Thanks for sharing them. Thank you. The story is setting the record straight. Now you know they're going double back. Impossible. Impossible only because if once you played this back, you'll realize I didn't say anything that made me look in a good light. I wasn't tearing down others to boost myself up. But I do have to acknowledge things that did not take place. Like we're very ingenuous if we say this is not a game. And we don't play it. And people ain't in positions. And people don't have their favorites. And they group and they click it. But that happens at all business. Right. No. No. Say why you don't like the other side. Then you get to the game. But in the game, I'm wiping the field with them to the point where they don't even compete anymore. So how you gonna let them do that been on the bench for 15 years. I would beat Jordan last. Shut up, Jordan is still alive. We're calling Jordan right now. You can't beat him now. Not then. You can beat him now. Right. Get where you. Shannon, sorry. Please let you grow. Please, shannon. On my life. Running on my life. Sacrifice. Hustle baby price. Wanna slice. Got the roll of dice. The swine. On my life. I'll be running on my life. On my life. Running on my life. Sacrifice. Hustle baby price. Wanna slice. Got the roll of dice. The swine. On my life. I'll be running on my life.